540 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 24. 
which isa public navigable stream, but give seven 
hundred and fifty thousand acres of land to his 
State to make the canal, and authorize it to levy 
tolls besides ? 
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly it did, sir. That 
was not a navigable place at au. 
It was similar 
to the canal around the Niagara falls. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is notthat river navigable? 
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a different case en- 
tirely. I do not wish to make any factious oppo- 
sition to this joint resolution; it may be an excep- 
tional case; but I am opposed to the whole system 
of-port and. tonnage dues and toll-gates. 
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator from 
Michigan in regard to the system as a general 
system ; and regret that the Senator from Illinois 
[Mr•. DOUGLAS] should have advocat.ed it to-day. 
1 believe it is a system to which he is very much 
wedded. I do not believe in it as a general sys- 
tem; and, therefore, in voting for this measure, I 
do not give-my assent to that system. But here 
is a navigable stream that has been obstruc.ted by 
a raft. There is no navigation there now, and 
every year is adding to the impossibility of re- 
If something of this kind had 
movmg that raft. 
been done years ago, perhaps the raft might have 
been removed and the river be now clear. But 
the navigation of this river has been destroyed; 
and the question arises, how can the navigation 
be opened? Congress will not do it. We all 
know that. We therefore propose to authorize 
these States to do it through a company. I believe 
we owe it to the people wl'i0 reside in that section 
of the country to have this river made navigable, 
if they can do it. 
I shall vote for it as a just 
measure. II stands, in my judgment, alone; there 
is no other case like it In any other part of the 
countr 
Mr. bOUGLAS. Mr. Presi&ent, 1 regret that 
any remark I made on the general system should 
opcratc against this particular bill. I was induced 
to make tiiose remarks in reply to my colleague, 
who had illustrated his position by a reference 
to the IVIississippi river, and thereby seen-led to 
render it necessary me to answer his objection. 
'I'hc point involved is simply whether we shall 
allow the local authorities to make an improve- 
ment so as to render the river navigable where it 
is not now navigable. 
It is navigable up to the 
raft and above the raft, but there is no navigation 
across the raft. We might grant latid for a rail- 
road around the raft, or we might authorize the 
removal of the raft, and the buildi1P of locks and 
dams, Or any other mode by which It can be done. 
The question is simply, in what manner we 
overcome the obstacle of this portage? Now, I 
am not willing to recognize the principle that the 
States may not connect the navigable waters above 
and below a portacye, either by a canal, and im- 
pose a tax or tolls, or in any other mode. My 
own Slate is interested in that question, The Illi- 
nois rivcr is navigable to a point within onc hun- 
drod miles of Chicago. T hc lakes are navigable 
to within one hundred miles of that same point. 
Here is a porta ffc•, and across that navigation used 
to bc ca rried in small boats up the Illinois river, 
and through Desplains, Mud Lake, into Chicago 
harbor. 
'I'llat is one of the portages that is dc- 
clared by the ordinance of 1787, and the compact I 
admitting Illinois into the Union, to be forever 
free. Yet we have spent in making 
a canal across that very portage, which, by the 
terr•ns of the compact, is to be forever free of toll, 
and have collcctcd tolls upon it. 
If we have not 
a right to do that, then we are to lose the sum of 
$10,000,000. I hold that a canal, and the impo- 
sition of tolls to improve navigation, is not in 
conflict with the provision that you shall not levy 
taxes or duties upon the navigation. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator 
will allow me, it has been decided in the courts 
again and again, in all those northwestern States, 
that such tolls are not in violation of the compact 
nor of the Constitution. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am very well aware of that; 
but yet the obiection is being urged hcre notwith- 
standing that aecision. A similar case has been 
cited by the Senator from Louisiana. There the 
navigation of tl'le lake is complete up to the foot 
of the rapids. 
It is complete in Lake Superior. 
Here is a mile or two of a rapid that is not•nav- 
igablc. We have authorized a canal around it; 
and the taxing of tolls by which a ship now can go 
from Buffalo to the head of Lake Superior and 
back. It pays no toll where the water was nav- 
igable by nature. It pays toll on the artificial im- 
provement to connect them. The same is true 
of all the canals of Ohio, between the lakes and 
the Mississippi. Those were portages free by 
the compact, and yet we have got canals on them. 
The one connecting the Wabash and Maumee 
rivers was a portage free by compact; yet we have 
canals over It. 'This is only giving our assent 
to do what has *been done in Ohio, Indiana, and Ill- 
inois, in regard to improvements that- have fifty 
or a hundred million of capital involved. I am not 
willing to acquiesce in an argument that declares 
that that was wrongfully done, and that that cap- 
ital is not secure; nor am I willing to withhold 
from the States o? Arkansas, Texas, and Louisi- 
ana, the same privileges that we have exercised 
with so much usefulness to ourselves in our own 
States. 
1 will noteprolong the debate, because a 
vote is more im ortant than a speech. 
Mr. CLARK! Mr. President, it seems to me 
that the objection to this bill arises from a con- 
flict between the two systems. Here is one party 
in the Senate who assert that Congress has alone 
the power to remove these obstructions, and an- 
other party that assert that the States alone should 
do it; and between the two this bill is in danger; 
one contending that it shall not be done by the 
States, because Congress ought to do it, and the 
otheu; that the States ought to do it, and that Con- 
gress ought not to do it. Now, sir, i am in favor 
of both of these systemsin different cases. I think 
there are some improvements which Congress 
ought to make to rivers and harbors, and I would 
cheerfully vote for them. I think there are other 
improvements that, when the States arc willing, 
théy may be permitted to make; and this is one of 
those, because here Congress has once attempted 
it, and has failed to do it. Now, Congress failing 
to do it, ought we to prohibit the States from doing 
it? Not at all. 
this inquiry: I want to ask him which he would I 
rather have, a toll-gate on the Red river, permit- 
ting vessels to ffCt through on paying toll, or a 
perpetual obstruction of twelvc miles in length, 
which vy'ill never let a vessel through? He says I 
hc does not want to hamper commerce. 
I-low 
can he effectually hamper It more than by letting 
this raft lie there ? 
Now, sir, I am entirely agreed that this is one 
of the cases, if ever a case could arise, where we 
ought to permit the States to do it. Here is a raft, 
twelve miles in length, which obstructs the navi- 
gation to a very great degree. The river is an 
important one to these States; and now the ques- 
tion is, whether we shall forever put a barrier 
across that river, twelve miles in- length, or let 
these States remove it. 
I am entirely in favor of 
letting the States do it; and i do not find any pro- 
vision in any or the treaties of the United States 
with any other Government, which prevents it. 
have cxanlincd the treaty with Great Britain, of 
1783; I havc exaruincd the treaty with Spain, of 
1795; and I have examined the treaty of cession, of 
| 1803; and I do not find anything in either of these 
trcaties that prohibits us in any way from grant- 
ing this privilege to the States. 
It seems to me, 
that if these States desire this improvement in the 
river—an improvement ata point so remote from 
the mouth of the river, where foreign commerce 
would not be likely to go—wo ought to allow them 
to make that improvement. It may be suggested 
that the commerce of another State will be taxed. 
Perhaps that would be so; but as the raft now is, 
the commerce of other States is absolutely pro- 
hibited from passing there; and hence I go for 
removing the raft, or permitting these States to 
remove it, and open the commerce to these States. 
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not surprised that 
the Senator from New Hampshire should call me 
to account for my views upon commerce. He 
lives upon a river which is navigable for canoes 
at high water, and terminates, I think, about 
twenty-four miles above where he lives. His 
views of navigation are evidently confined to the 
Merrimac river. He evidently does not under- 
stand that there are two thousand miles of navi- 
gation above the Red river raft; that there is a 
country capable of making nineteen or twenty 
States, largerthan the one he represents; that there 
is to be a commerce there greater than the present 
commerce of all New England, before many years 
shall have passed. He is not aware of the fact 
I that the toll that is allowed to-day by this bill— 
which perhaps would be only sufficient to pay a 
fair interest upon the expense at this time—may 
amount, even in ten years, to $10,000,000. Why, 
sir, when I first removed to Michigan—I do not 
like to say how long ago, for it is a good while, 
twenty-seven years acro—the same tonnage duty 
that you aiiow in this bill on the Red river raft, 
would not have made it an object to clear out the 
St. Clair flats, and to deepen the channel; but to- 
day that same tax would amount to more thall 
fifteen million dollars per annum. The Senator 
cannot understand these figures, because they 
cannot be based upon the river where he lives. 
What does he know about the commerce of the 
Northwest? Why, sir, it is the commerce of the 
Merrimac river that he is describing. 1 am not 
surprised. 
Mr. CLARK and Mr. HALE both addressed 
the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The Senator from New Hampshire. 
Mr. HALE. Which one? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The one fur- 
thest from the Chair. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President— 
Mr. CLARK. Allow me one moment. 
Mr. HALE. Oh, no. 
Mr. CLARK. I think you should allow me. 
Mr. HALE. After me. think understand 
this case. 
Mr. CLARK. 1 think 1 do too. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I want to recon- 
cile all these views, if I can; a_nd think we can 
enlist the Senator from Michigan by an amend- 
ment which I propose to send to the Chair, inckudv 
ing the St. Clair flats. [Laughter.] 
I think if 
that were put in, it would silence him. I confess, 
sir, I am sorry, very sorry, to hear these belittliug 
remarks made upon the State of New Hampshire, 
in regard to New Hampshire and her rivers, and 
bthee uas' sshe may In 
that respect, I will place her before the world, 
and challenfre admiration for her over all the other 
States of the Union, by announcing that, Lhoug»h 
her streams are srnall, she produced the Senator 
from Michigan. [Laughter.] 
Mr. CLARK. f do agree, sir, that live upon 
the side of a sinalt river on which they pay toll. 
Right by the side of that river the Senator from 
Michigan was born—within a stone's throw of it, 
I understand very well his objection to tolls. They 
built dams across the 
river ill early times, and 
pcevented him from catching shad; and ever since 
he has been opposed to toll. [Laughter.] 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, for the ben- 
efit of my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. DOOLIT- 
TLE,] and also for the benefit of the Senator from 
New Hampshire, [Mr. CLARK,] I desire to call 
their attention to the condition on which these 
States were admitted into the Union. I under- 
stand the Senator from Wisconsin to say that the • 
courts have decided that the levying of tonnage 
duties is a different thing from the collecting of 
I. wonder if the courts have ever decided 
that this language does not includc toll—I read 
from the act of Congress 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps the Senator from 
Illinois was not in his seat when I made the. re- 
mark, and he may have misapprehended me. My 
remark was, that the Federal courts in the north- 
western States had decided that where improve- 
ments have been allowed upon those rivers which, 
by the ordinance of 1787, were made free—im- 
provements upon falls or over portwres—and tolls 
have been allowed to be collected, it is not a vio- 
lation of the compact, nor of the constitutions of 
those States. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 can very well conceive 
that the building ofa canal around the falls of a 
river would not be an interference with the navi- 
gation of the river. 
It would be a very different 
thing from this, apprehend. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to inquire of 
my friend, what is the difference between building 
a canal around the falls and cuttirpa canal through 
a raft o? logs twelve miles long? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. one, think,isånimprove- 
ment made upon the land ; 'he other is an attempt 
to make an improvement in the river itself', and 
to charge toll* for it. But I will read, for the in- 
formation of the Senator from Wisconsin and his 
courts, the condition on which these States came 
