1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
541 
into the Union; and I should like to hear his an- 
swer to that, or the answer of the Senator from 
New Hampshire either. Louisiana was admit- 
tcd into the Union upon this condition: 
"Provided, That It shall be taken as a condition upon 
which the said State is incorporated in the Union, that the 
river Mississippi, and tbe navi•rable rivers and watcrs lead- 
ing into the same, and into the Gulf of Mexico, shall be 
comanon highways, and (brever free, as well to the inhabit- 
ants of the said State as to the inhabitants of' other States 
and the Territories of the United States, without any tax, 
duty, impost, or tou therefoc, imposed by the said State. 
It '.vas on this condition that Louisiana came 
into the Union; and Arkansas came in on a sim- 
ilar condition. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. Are you certain that Ark- 
ansas came in on that condition ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, Arkansas came 
in on similar conditions. 
I have not the Arkan- 
sas act before me, but I think you wili finda sim- 
iltu• provision in the act. for the admission of Ark- 
ansas. Now what is this bill? It provides that 
" the assent of Congress be, and is hereby, given 
to any acts that have been or may be passed. by 
the Legislatures of the States of Arkansas, Lou- 
isiana,and Texas, or of any two of them." Any 
two of these States may make a provision for the 
collection of tolls on this river, without the con- 
sent of the other. Texas and Arkansas can make 
a provision för the collection of tolls on this river 
Without the consent of Louisiana; and Louisiana 
came into this Union on condition that no tolls 
should ever be irnposed upon any of thiese nav- 
igable waters. Louisiana and Texas can pass 
the act and collect tolls without the consent of 
Arkansas, or without the consent of the people 
of Wisconsin, or the consent of the people of 
Illinois, or of any other State. Are you going to 
violate these conditions? Is the Senator from New 
Hampshire, who says he cannot find it in the 
treaty, prepared to violate this condition as to 
these States? 
I think, sir, you will find by ref- 
ere.nce to the treaties that they do make provision. 
I have looked to the treaty with Great Britain, 
and I find that there a provision is made in regard 
to the Mississippi river; and the condition on 
which Louisiana came in is now to be violated, 
and violated '•.vithout the consent of Louisiana; 
for Arkansas and Texas rnuy pass an act of in- 
corporation, and collect these tolls without her 
consent. 
But, sir, the substantial and as I think unan- 
swerable objection to this bill is, that it is man- 
ifestly unconstitutional. The bill is framed, 
presume, so as to meet this clause of the Consti- 
tution, which I will again read: 
No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay 
any duty of tonnage 
keep troops or kn tilnes 
of peaee, enter into any am•eenoent or co:npact with another 
State or with a 
Power, or cnaarre 
actually or in such illiminent (langer as will not adlihit of 
delay. • ' 
Now what do you propose here? Yo.u propose, 
not after having seen the lc•gislation of these tl-n•ce 
States, or of any two then), or any one of them, 
to pass an act granting your consent; but you 
propose to repeal this clause of the Constitu tion 
advance, and to declare your assent in advance 
to any act they may pass. Would you be will- 
ing to vote for a law to-day to allow one of these 
States to enter into treaties with a foreicn nation ? 
It is all in the sarne clause: 
No State shall, without the consent of Congress, enter 
into an aøteernent or ctnnpact with any other State or with 
a foreign Power." 
Would you give that consent in adyance to 
enter into a compact with another State or with 
a foreign Power, or would you first see what the 
compact was, and then give your assent? We 
have no evidence here as to what acts of incor- 
poration may have been passed by these States, 
and surely we do not know what may hereafter 
be passed. 
I find that this objection was so well expressed 
in a debate which took place in this body in 1852, 
by thc Senator from Delaware, [Mr. BAYARD,] 
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, 
that I beg leave to read a few sentences frorn 
what he said upon that occasion. He placed it, 
as it seems to me, in an unanswerable light; and 
I am sorry not to see him in his seat to-day, for 1 
am sure this bill could not pass this body with his 
of this measure. is this : to give a common-sense, or a legal— 
whichever you please-—construction to that provision, SD 
as to carry out its object and intent, you must. necessarily 
require that the act to be done, whether it is tho irnpo.$ition 
of a duty, or the entering into a compaer.. witli a Stat,c of 
this Union, or the entering into a compact with a tbrei2n 
State, or the raising of troops in time of' peace. or of a naiv 
in time of peace, the act to be done rnnst be done by thö 
State, and be submitted to Congress for its ratification, be- 
fore any authority can bc given." 
That is the point. The act " must be done by 
the State, and be submitted to Congress for its 
ratification, before any authority can be given. " 
Why ? 
Otherwise the principle of this amendment this 
authority on the part of Conaress that,. at it* will, by a tnere 
majority, it can dispense With a general restraining clause 
in the Constitution, disabling the States from the exercise 
of these powers. 
cannot conceive that to bc the con- 
struction of this clause of the Constitution." 
I need not detain the Senate further; because every 
gentlrrnan, when the point is presented, can 'nake up his 
own mind upon it. To me it seems perfectly clear; and 
could 1 take tlrne to compare this with other provisions of 
the Constitution, I think t could make it perfectly clear to 
others, that the effect of the amendinent would be this: by 
a simple legislative act you atten•pt to alter the Federal 
Constitution reinoving generally, as to the States, a re- 
striction which is placed upon them. All the authority 
given to you is only to assent to the aet of' the States when 
they have acted." 
Here you propose to remove, generally, as to 
these States, a restriction placed upon them by 
the Constitution , without know ing what their acts 
of legislation are be. 
I think", therefore, that 
the bill is unconstitutional. 
Besides, it is a VIO- 
lation of the conditions on whic.h Louisiana came 
into the Union, and without, the consent of Louis- 
iana, because vou do not require her consent to 
this improvement; for any twro of these States 
mav make it. 
It is a violation of the cotnpact on 
which Arkansas came into the Union, because 
you do not require her consent. 'l*exas and Lou- 
Isiana may make the improvement under the pro- 
visions of this bill. 
'True, it may be said that 
their consent wilt be given. I am speaking of the 
legal effect of the measure; not as to the fact. 
am arguing the constitutional question—the power 
of Congress to pass such an act as thi* 
It may 
be true that all these States would assent to it, 
hut that does not alter the constitutionality of the 
measure at all. 
I have said all that I desire to say upon this 
point. 
I have called the attention of the Senate 
to it. 
If they tl'link proper to pass the hill under 
cn•eutnstances, it passes acrainst m V vote, and 
I have 110ti'ling furt.her to say in regara to it. 
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make a suggestion 
iFI regard to the act admitting Louisiana, as the 
Senator from Illinois has called my attention par- 
ticularly to that. 
I have no difüculty at all '.vitb 
that act. There the condition is imposed upon 
Louisiana that she shall 
not lay any toil upon a 
navigal.)le streaun within her lirnits. Who imposed 
that condition ? The Congress of the United States. 
Now' the State of Louisiantm, jointly with Arkan- 
sas and Texas, comes to Congress and asks Con- 
gress to release that condition for this particular 
ff Congress agrees to release the con- 
l) u rpose. 
dition, what objection can there be? Is ita vio- 
lation ofa condition to release it, to give permis- 
sion? That, it seems to me, is a full answer to 
that point. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Senator 
from New Hampshire, if he gives no force to the 
language in that condition which guaranties a 
right to all the people, in every other State, and if, 
without having Louisiana's consent. to release it, 
he is willing to impose these tolls? We have not 
the consent of Louisiana; Louisiana has not asked 
for it. He assumes that. The provisions of the 
bill he is about to vote for allow it to be done in 
spite of Louisiana. That is my objection. 
Mr. CLARK. 1 have not looked at the details 
of the bill; but I have no difiiculty in dealing with 
the suggestion the Senator makes in regard to the 
other States, in this way: here is a river entirely 
shut up by this raft, closed to all other States, 
and it is for the benefit of the other Statos that. it 
should be opened, and their assent may be pre- 
sumed to have it opened for the benefit of their 
commerce. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. so seldom that 1 
occasioni to differ with my honorable friend from 
assent, entertaining the views which hc did when i \ lilinois, that perhaps, as differ with him upon 
this question, it will be respectful to him, and a 
a measure Involving the same principle was up. 
duty to myself, that I should state the grounds on 
He then said: 
'l'he objection which I entertain to the constitutionality which I do difiör from him, and give my support 
to this measure. The Mississippi river is one 
thing; the Red river is another. The Mississippi 
river is a great navigable •stream, in which very- 
many States are interested. It is national- in-its 
character throughout. The Red' river is one -in 
which two or three States are more specially in- 
terested; and, therefore, in consenting that the 
! States of Arkansas, Texas, and Louisiana, may 
I join in the improvement of the Red river, I by 
no means commit myself •to the doctrine that 
Congress has no power to improve a river which 
is national in its character, like the Mississippi; 
or the St. Clairflats, in which my honorable friend 
here [Mr. CHANDLER] feel* so dccp an interest, as 
well as the citizens of the State which I in part 
represent. 
I make no distinction, sir, between tolls and 
duties to be imposed upon any such improve- 
ment; but the point which I make is, that the tolls 
which are proposed to be levied are not tolls upon 
the navigable waters of Red river' at all. The 
proposition is to levy a toll. upon an artificial.nav- 
Igation to be created, and which does not now 
exist. All the navigable waters of the Red river 
. which now exist may be used by all the citizens 
of the United States, and when they come down 
to this raft, if they choose not to employ the arti- 
ficial navigation, they can make their portages 
around it, as they now do. They can navigate 
the waters above and navigate the waters below, 
but the toll which '•.ve consent by this act to have 
imposed upon any navigation, is not upon the 
navigable waters of this river in their natural 
state, but. upon the artifieial navigation to' be cre- 
ated. There is no distinction, in my judgment, 
between a canal which shall be cut around a raft 
of logs, or a canal which may be cut directly 
through a raft of logs, or a canal around the falls 
ofa river, so far as the right to levy tolls is con- 
cerned. There is no violation of the treaty with 
France or Spain; no violation of the Constitution 
of the United States; no violation of the acts con- 
senting to the admission of these States into the 
Union; for the language of those treaties, the lan- 
guage of the ordinance of 1787, and the language 
of the act consenting to the admission of these 
States, is substantiallv the same. I wikl read the 
language which is uséd in the ordinance of 1787: 
'i'he navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and 
St. Lawrence, and the carrying places between the same, 
shall be connnon highways, and forever free, as well to the 
inhabitants of the said 'Perritory as to the citizens of the 
United States, and those of any other States that Inay be 
adrnitted into the Contöderacy, without any tax, impost, or 
duty therefOr. 
Mr. President, this was fundamental upon the 
admission of Ohio as a State into the Union, and 
so of Illinois, Indiana, nnd Wisconsin. Since this 
I debate has arisen, I have not had time to send for 
many authorities bearing on this question, but I 
have one to which I will refer the Senator from 
Illinois. 
it is in the third volume of McLean 's 
reports, the case of Palmer vs. Commissioners of 
Cuyahoga cotinty, arising in the State of Ohio. 
The point decided by the court was, that— 
'l'hc provision in the ordinance of 1787, that certain 
navigable waters shall be common highways and forever 
free,' &c., does not prevent the improvcment of the navi- 
gation of' said waters by a State. •The ordinance referred 
to these waters in their natural state. If they Shall be im- 
proved by slack-water navigation or otherwise, a reason- 
able toll for the increased facility w(iild not violate the 
ordinance. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. lhope the Senator from 
Wisconsin will allow me to make an answer to 
that at once, as he is reading it. • The answer is 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. • 1 was going to read one 
or two sentences further. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The answer is this: that 
case refers to an improvement made by a State 
withoutauthotity from Congress, as I understand 
it, and of course that is not what the Senator from 
Arkansas is seekil)g by this bill. He is seeking 
to do something that a State could not do without 
authority from Congress. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The answer to that is 
simply this: if the Red river ran through the State 
of Arkansas and the raft was within the State of 
Arkansas, i tunertake to say Arkansas could do 
it, and without the consent of Congress either; 
but because the river is bounded by several States, 
and Arkansas cannot do this alone, and Arkansas 
desires to enter into an arrangement -with two 
other States, by •which they can do it jointly, 
therefore it is necessary that the consent of Con- 
