542 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 24, 
gress should be given; because, without the con- 
sent of Congress, Arkansas could not agree with 
Texas, or; with Louisiana, to expend the money 
in this joint work of cutting a channel through 
this raft. 
I have read all that is necessary to show that 
the imposinz a duty upon artificial navigation 
created by a State is not an interference with the 
navigable waters of the Mississippi or the nav- 
icyable waters flowing into the lakes. 
I suggest, in answer to one objection which is 
made by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. TRUM- 
BULL,] and in which, perhaps, there is some force, 
that we propose to consent now to any acts of 
incorporation which may hereafter bc passcd by 
these States, that it Ilia y be proper to insert a pro- 
viso in addition to the one which has already been 
inserted, providinff that no discrimil'lation shall bc 
made among the citizens of the United States; 
which would be a limitation upon anv supposed 
power that might bc exercised by those States 
against the interests of other citizens; and we 
should all stand precisely upon the same footing. 
I will suggest 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
to the Senator, in whose views I concur in every 
respect, (and I am very glad he has expressed 
them,) that I would wish, if it will mect with his 
own a>proval, that thc resolution might not be 
embarrassed by further amendment. It is utterly 
impossible that these three States can ever be 
brought to such a step as that of drawing a dis- 
crimination either agamst one class of persons, or 
one class of States, or one class of goods that are 
to be carried there. There are not less than fifty 
thousand people who arc dependent upon this 
improvement, and they are now suffering for the 
and I asstune that it is impossible 
want of it; 
there can be any partial legislation in reference to 
'1 be cxisten-cc of tho corporation 
this nuttter, 
which it is (lesigncd shall be in force to rernovo 
the raft, is already limited to thirty years. By an 
amendment already adopted, the power is con- 
ferred on the, President, at thc expiration of ten 
years, if the Government of the United States 
shall choose to do so, to take possession of the 
work upon simply paying the expenditures that 
have been made, and seven per cent. interest. All 
these provisions would protect the in terest to 
which tbc Senator alludes. 
But I do not rise for the purpose of entering into 
I have so often 
any debate upon the resolution. 
seen in this Chamber those who are extremely 
anxious to pass measures that affect their constit- 
ucnt.s, destroy them, by themselves entcrino• ex- 
tensiveiy into the debate, and thus provoking it 
from others, that I am forwarncd against it; and 
am -not inclined, and will not consent, to go into 
the more particularly as I conceive it 
the debate, 
to bc now entirely unnecessary. The question 
has been debated by those who are twainst the 
r, , and certainly at greater 
measure, at some len(Ft.h 
tongth than by any one that advocates the pas- 
sage of the joint resolutiojn. We ha•ve now the as- 
su rance of [he Senator fronl Illinois, [Mr. 'I"RUM-• 
who chiefly opposes this n•icasure, that hc 
has said all that he wishes to say on tile subject; 
I trusiand 
and of his sincerity_l have no doubt. 
(Vive to the Ineas- 
hope ho will adhere to it, and 
ure itself a fair orportunity to bc passed or to be 
rei ected. 
'Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am willing to vote. 
Under these 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
circumstances, I appeal—and I think I l)ave some 
right to appeal—to those who are in favor of the 
measure itself to permit a vote to be taken, since 
there remains but a few mihut.cs more of the time to 
which this measure is limited by order of the Sen- 
I ask that the serise o? tlie Senate be taken. 
ate. 
1 think, feelinx such an il'lterest us I do in this 
measure, that I have forborne and have consumed 
as little time as any one have ever known on this 
I beg that we may have a vote. 
floor. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. merely wish to say that 
my constituents are very deeply interested in this 
REPORT ON PUBLIC LANDS. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the 
followinm resolution; which x,vas referred to the 
Committee on Printing: 
copies of tbc report 
Resotced, 'I'hat there be printéd 
thousand for 
of the (Jon) missioner of Public Lands, 
the use of the Senate, and one thousand for tbc use of tbc 
Geuerai Land Office. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HATS, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. NO. 
467) granting a pension to Eliza Reeves; which 
thereupon received the signature of the Vic.e Pres- 
ident. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Senate 
to excuse me from serving on the special com- 
mittee which was raised upon the sukject of the 
tariff. I learned this that I was named 
I wish to bo cxcuscd frotn 
on that committee. 
serving on it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The Senator from Mainc rcqucsts to 
be excused from serving on the special committee 
on the tariff bill. 
The question being put, the. Presiding Offcer 
stated that there was no vote in the affirmative. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Vice 
President fill the vacancy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
heard no res onse in the amrmative on tbc vote. 
Mr. DOU&LAS. 1 voted "ay." That was 
the response. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps 1 ought to state 
I do not wish to avoid any labor that 
the reason. 
is properly to be imposed upon me; but I am on 
the Committec on Finance, which requires a great 
deal of my attcnlion at the prescnt time, and must 
necessarily do so; and my health is really so poor 
that I tun unable Lo do the additional labor. 
would do it with great pleasure if I could, but I 
am unable to do so. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Vice 
President. be authorized to fill the vacancy. 
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. COLLAMER 
was appointed. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
Mr. GYVIN. I move that the Senate proceed 
to the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill. It 
was laid aside for the purpose of disposing of the 
joint resolution which has just been passed. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The motion, 1 believe, 
is to take up the railroad bill? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the 
motion bcfore the Senate. It was postponed untit 
two o'clock; but the. Senator from California 
moves tn t.ake it up at the present time. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 do not know much 
about the order ot• business, and of course I have 
no dispute on t,l'tnt subject; but I would inquire if 
the resolutions whicfi I sorne time ago had the 
honor to submit, and which '„vere the subject of 
our proceedings on the day. before yesterday, are 
not unfinished business also, and prior, in point 
of time, to the railroad bill ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'l'hc Chair 
stato that those resolutions were the special order; 
but that the Pacific railroad bill, being the unfin- 
ishcd business yesterday, takes prccedcnce of that 
as a special order, and was in order at one o 'clock ; 
but, by a vote of the Senate, was postponed until 
two o'clock, in order that the discussion might 
proceed upon the joint resolution which has just 
passed. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am satisfied, then, 
with the decision of the Chair; and I now move 
that that bill be postponed, in order that the Sen- 
ate may proceed to take .up the resolutions to 
which I have referred. Mr. President, I think 
that those resolutions, considering the subject to 
which they refer, and considering the condition 
While I am up, sir, 1 desire to say another word. 
On a former•day in the Senate, while we were in 
secret or executive session, made some remarks 
on subjects then before the Senate. It was in se• 
I understand that something pur- 
cret session. 
porting to be a speech of mine, delivered on that 
occasion, was published a day or two afterwards 
as the speech delivered by me on that occasion. 
do not know that anybody would be so fairly 
the object of. suspicion as I would be myself for 
having connived at or authorized it, or assisted in 
its publication. Ido not think any of my brother 
Senators would suspect that I 'had any agency in 
this publication. I, however, take this occasion, 
and feel it, perhaps, a duty to myself, 1.0 say that 
I not only had no part or agency whatever in it, 
but I consider it a violation of the rulesof the Sen- 
ate; and the publication ought to be looked upon 
as spurious. I have not seen it. I have not read 
it, and never intend to read it, nor willingly to 
I will give no, 
hear a repetition of its contents. 
countenance to anything published so spuriously, 
and in violation of all the rules of the Senate. 
I disavow it all. It 
do not know what it contains. 
is not made by any authority that is entitled to 
credit or belief. 
I have heard, casually, that I am represented 
with having, in t.hat speech, advocated strongly, 
indeed fiercely, the policy of coercion in respect 
to the seceding States. Mr. President, I did no 
such thing; and you know it. I did say that, in my 
judgment, the Congress of the United States had 
the POWER, but the exercise of it was always a 
question of expediency, apd that there might be 
cases to which that power was plainly applicable, 
and where it ought to bc exercised; and nobody 
can be at a loss to imagine such cases, arising in 
either States or Territories. 
If the District of Columbia were to undertake 
to secede, and give us notice that, having resumed 
her ancient sovereignty, she desired us to aban- 
don the Capitol, does any 'man suppose that the 
Govcrnment could acquiesce in such a proceed- 
ing; or that, if persisted in, it should not employ 
force to put it down? Certainly not. I expressly 
said that now was not the occasion or the time 
for the application of any doctrine or policy of 
coercion; but by some misunderstanding 01' other 
of the publisher of this supposed speech of mine, 
I tun represented as a determined and fierce ad- 
vocate of coercion now upon the seceding States. 
I said the direct contrary. 
Sir, this is all I have now to say on the sub" 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that the Pacific railroad bill, and all other special 
orders, be postponed for the purpose of taking up 
for consideration the resolutions introduced - by 
the Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. G WIN. It is most unpleåsant to me to 
be opposing this motion whenever the Senator 
makes it; but, unfortunately, there is a conflict in 
the order of business between those resolutions 
and n measure which is of such consequence to 
the State that I in part represent, that I am com- 
pellcd always to give it precedence over any other 
business that comes before the Senate, if I do 
justice to tbc public sentiment of my State. I am 
I believe 
in favor of the Senator's resolutions. 
that is generally ••.vell understood, for I think I 
have said so about a dozen times; but I hope he 
will let us go on to-day and see if we cannot dis- 
1 
pose of the question now before the Senate. 
think we can, and then shall be willing to Dive 
! his resolutions precedence, if my vote will do so, 
I think if we get 
until they are disposed of. 
i through with one thing at a time, we shall make 
I hope, thereforc, that the rail- 
more progress. 
road bill will not be postponed. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. ltwasbutafewdaysago 
that my friend's bill, after occupying a great deal 
of the time of the Senate, lost its place among the 
regular orders of the Senate. We were then con- 
sidering these resolutions, discussing and debating 
them. Instead of pursuing his own maxim, and 
improvement, and I would express some views of the country, are entitled, before all other sub- 
jects, to the consideration of the Senate. Ido not It doing one thing at a time, those resolutions were 
on the subject, if it were not that it would per- 
I feel put aside, and somehow or other the railroad bill, 
haps embarrass the passage of joint resolu- wish' to be importunate about this matter. 
it my duty to be urgent; and it is for that reason, l, on account of its great superiority to any con- 
tion; and 1 prefer to keep silent, rather than that II 
I have no doubt, that I often make myself un- sideration that attached to the safety of the Union, 
the resolution should be embarrassed. 
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate i. pleasant to gentlemen who have favorite mcas- II has taken precedencc. 
as amended, and tho amendment was concRrred ures by continually a\king for the consideration W Mr. G WIN. The Senator will permit me to 
I do it as a matter of dut.y. I say that his resolutions were put aside in order to 
of this subject. 
in, and ordered to bc engrossed, and tho joint res- 
olution to be read a third time. It was read the hope the rai)road bill will be postponed, and those take up the tariff—another question entirely 
II Mr. CRITTENDEN. am speaking of a 
resolutions taken up and acted upon. 
third time, and passed. 
