544 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 24. 
to read them myself, I will place them in his hands. 
In place of Mr. Harding, if he does not like Mr. 
Reed, let him -take any other man; let him take 
Mr. Dryer, of Portland, an editor of a Republican 
paper, who has made more noise about a railroad 
project than any other man in the State; or at 
least, he has taken a more active interest in at- 
tending railroad meetings, and in presenting the 
importance of this work, than any other man in 
that State, I believe. He is opposed to me in 
politics; he has fought against me in every polit- 
ucal battle; but he has done it Openly, in a manly 
way. I have no objection to his name, or to the 
name of any other Republican; but this man is a 
Republican claiming to be a Democrat. He is, in 
my opinion, a dishonest man, a dishonest poli- 
tician, dishonest in all things, unreliable, and not 
worthy of a place in this bill. His name ought 
to be stricken out of the bill, for it is objectionable, 
and some other name put in. I am willing to 
agree to any other man that thc Senator will se- 
I am willing to leave it to him to say who 
I have presented the naune of 
shall fill the place. 
Mr. Reed; but L am willing to take any other man 
in the State, and I do not want a Democrat par- 
ticularly. I would just as soon have a gentleman 
of the opposite party as a Democrat, if he is only 
an honest man, and in favor of the work; but I 
ask it as a favor of the Senate to me that this 
name shall be stricken out, and the name of any 
other person inserted that the Senator from Ore- 
•on may suggest', I care not who that other person 
may be. 
Mr. BXKER. Mr. President, it is quite im- 
possible for lire tt) enter into a detail of the diff- 
cullies which it is obvious cxist between the gen- 
tlemun whose name it is proposed to strike out, 
and rny colleao•ue. They are matters of our own 
local history there—which I do not think posterity 
will be much concerned about—which [ do not 
propose by any word of minc to put on record 
here. So far as the attack upon 
the character of 
an absent gentleman is concerned, J. only reply to 
repeat, the 
it so far as it affects this measarc. 
gentlemat'l 'VI-nose naine is selected is man of 
unblemished reputation; hc is as honest as rny 
colleague or myself; he is as much respected 
wherever he is known. He was a member of' the 
last Legislature, and is now the Speaker of its 
House of Representatives. He has been in the 
most responsible offc.e in the State for many years. 
He is the leader oti the l)ouglas Democracy of the 
• State, and is the most efficient leader that my dis- 
tingmshed friend from Illinois has had in that 
State. He is a rnan of pure moral character—a 
character acrainst which I have hitherto heard no 
word ever spoken. He isa resident of the county 
in which I live, av)d I know hirn intimately. 'Ithat 
relations n re not those or 
his tnod•grn political 
friendship my colleague, I 'know, and (if I 
could say so) I would say I regret it; 
but that 
he has personal relations unkindly to the distin- 
gXlQl ijom.ortron is thali know 
from QI') y word of his; 
and mysclf will both live lonrr enough to regret. 
that the mere question of a name, a form in a bill 
of this kind, should tead to a discussion, which I 
think is unworthy of the place. 'If his narne had 
not been put there, and I had supposed that the 
Senator would endeavor to reject it, I should, for 
the sake of peace, not have offered it; but I submit 
to every gentleman of right feeling on this floor, 
that now, when this gentleman is sought to be 
rejected upon an attack on his moral character as 
a man and as a gentleman, and considering 
was through my motion Lhat his name was pla-ced 
there, and considering that the rejection would 
be an attack repealed here and indorsed by the 
Senatc, and spread wherever his name is known, 
it would be a Ineasure so unkind to him, and so 
unjust to me, that I believe scarcely any Senator 
upon this floor witl be found to do it. 
I close by repeating, that far from objectincyto 
anybody the Senator has introduced, I Yield 
to anybody he may yet introduce; and if, indeed, 
he does in his heart believe that the. gentlemall 
frou-l .Jacksonvi\lc, Mr. Reed, whom he proposes, 
would aid in getting any stock in Oregon—I doubt 
in tho state of our present finances, 
vevy , 
whcthcr anybody will get any—but if hc really 
believes t.lont that gentleman would add any weight 
to the bill, or any efficiency to the measure, I will 
gladly agree to•his introduction. I beg the pardon 
of the Seoak@ for de,tqining them for a moment on 
a personal matter, and shall say no more on the 
subject. 
Mr. LANE.' I do not intend to say another 
word. I leave it to the Senate. I know this gen- 
tleman better than the Senator from Oregon knows 
him. I have known him very much longer. 
say that he is not trustworthy; he ought not to 
be in the bill; and I ask for the yeas and nays 
upon the motion. 
Mr: CLARK. This question, I believe, is divis- 
ible. The question may be taken first on striking 
out the name. 
Mr. LANE. I do •not care who is inserted. 
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to putting 
in any name that may be proposed. 
The PRESIDING OF.FICER. In the opinion 
of the Chair, the motion is not divisible. A mo- 
tion to strike out and insert being madc as one 
motion, it must be put as one. 
The question being put on Mr. LANE's amend- 
ment, it was declared to be rejected. 
Mr. WADE. I have a name to be in- 
serted in this bill from Ohio 
Mr. LANE. had asked for the yeas and nays 
on my amendment. 
Mr. BAKER. I second that. I have no objec- 
tion to the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair an- 
nounced the decision; but, by common consent, 
Oh, no ! 
the yeas and nays may be taken. 
i do not care any- 
Mr. LANE. . very well. 
thing about it. 
Mr. WADE. My colleague is not here; and 
as have caused the name of a person in the north- 
ern part of the State of Ohio to be inserted, it is 
slwcrcsted to mé that there is a most excellent man 
in the southern part of the State, whmn it would 
I move to insert the 
be well to put in the bill. 
name of Thomns Sherlock, of Cincinnati. He is 
an excellent man, and acquainted with this busi- 
ness. 
The tunendment was a ffreed to. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. i move to amend the bill 
by inserting, in the proper place among the names 
of the corporators, the name of Arnold Flttrris, of 
the District ofColumbia. This District, I believe, 
has no representative among the corporators now 
in the bill. He isa gentleman in every way qual 
ified for the trust, and competent to meet the re- 
sponsible dutie> which this position will impose 
upon him. Thereföre I submit his name by way 
ot• amendment. 
'The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. CfUTTENDEN. There some gen- 
tlemen in Kentucky Jargely interested in railroad 
noatters; and I begm leave to offer the names of the 
following five to be added to this bill as corpora- 
tot•s: Jaéol) Swigert., John S. Robinson, Benjamin 
J % Adams, JohnUT. Bunch, William B. wall, and 
John W'. Finnell, of Keritucky. 
The amcodmcnt was acrreed to. 
Mr. THOMSON. 1 to amend the bill, 
•by adding.to the of corporatorspthe lwme 
William Wright, of New Jersey. 
'I'he amendnoent was fwree(l to. 
Mr. amendment nöiv 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amend- 
ment was sent up by the Senator from Louisiana, 
which was not read, because he gave way for 
amendments to add names. If there are no fur- 
ther amendments of that description to be now 
offered, the amendment prpposed by the Senator 
from Louisiana wilk be read. 
The Secretary read Mr. BENJAMIN'S amend- 
ment; which is, in line fifteen, of section two, after 
the word manufactured," 
to insert: provided 
the same can be obtained as cheaply as in) ported 
rails and iron work of equal quality;" so as to 
make the section read: 
Sueh railroad to be supplied with all necessary drains, 
culverts, viaducts, crossings, sidings, bridges, turnouts, 
and all ot.her equip'llents, turni- 
depots, 
ture, and appurtenances of a first-class railroad, with railg 
of a good quality and size, which rails, and all other iron 
work, shall be of Ainerican Inanug•acture: Provided, The 
sarne can be obtained as cheaply as i:nported rails and iron 
work of equal qualit.y. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope that amendment will 
not be agreed to. ft destroys tho feature 
ing the, rails to be of American iron. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 did not suppose there 
could be a possible objection to the amendment. 
the money of the Government for the construction 
of the road, and provide that American rails and 
American work shall be employed for it, even if 
they cannot be got at the same price as imported 
articles of equal quality; or in other words, that 
we shall give, out of the Treasury, a sum of money 
as a direct protection to American work and Amen- 
I do not suppose a proposition of Lhat 
can iron. 
I supposed this 
kind was ever made before. 
proviso had been omitted by mistake in draw- 
I had no idea that it was inten- 
ing up the bill. 
tional. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 suppose it is just as fair 
that we should buy American iron, because of its 
better quality, instead of European iron, as it is 
that we should pay a tax on all the sugar we use 
from other. countries, for the benefit of the State 
of Louisiana. I think the gentleman 's State has 
about as much benefit from this Government as 
any State in the Union; and I think he is the last 
person to talk about protection to the manufac- 
turers df this country. The reason why the road 
should be made of American iron is, that Amer- 
ican rails are better, lasl longer—rnuch longer than 
any iron which is sent here from Europe. Our 
warehouses are full now of foreign railroad iron 
which has condemned in every quarter of 
the world. Only the other day, an acquaintance 
of mine visited some of the public warehouses in 
New York, and saw railroad iron there which had 
been manufactured in Eno•land, sent into India 
and there r#cted, and then sent to America to be 
sold here, because we buy any kind of worthless 
iron provided it can be got at a cheap rate. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator probably did 
not hear the amendment read. 
Mr. CAMERON. it. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. The is, that it shall 
be obtained at the same price if of equal quality. 
Mr. CAMERON. it read. 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then what has the quality 
to do with it ? 
Mr. CANJIERON. I will meet the gentleman 
there. Neither he nor åny other man unaccus- 
tomed to the article can tell, until the iron is laid 
down, whether it is of equal quality. Iron is 
brought here, just as that I mentioned as coming 
from India, looking quite as good as our own iron; 
and if the gentleman were a purchaser, he would 
probably buy it, because he could get it some ten, 
or fifteeh, or twenty dollars a ton less than our 
but he would find directly after he got 
own iron; 
it into use that it was worthless. The better way, 
I think, is to leave this provision as it was oriffin- 
ally in the bill as passed by the other House. 
Mr. GREEN. I would suggest the propriety 
of striking out the word American," and insert- 
" United States." Therc is Canada, there 
are the Russian possessions, there is Mexico, 
there is Central America, and there is South 
America, all in America; and if we intend to con- 
fine it to iron manufactured by our own people, 
" Arnerican " ought to be and " Uni- 
States" iberted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
of the Senator from Missouri cannot now be 
ente ained. 
•M' GRQEN.Rdine.was a stigge$on, not a 
motio . 
The amendment of Mr. BENJAMIN was re- 
jected. 
Mr. GREEN. I now move to amend the clause 
by striking out the word " American " and insert- 
inc " United States." 
The amendment was rejected. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. the name ofDud- 
ley S. Gregory to be added to the bill as one of 
the corporators from New Jersey. He is a man 
of great respectability and intelli«ence and wealth , 
and although I did not.propose to offer to amend 
the bill in this particular at all, yet, since my col- 
league has proposed the name of a very worthy 
and excellent corporator from our State, offer 
this name for t.he purpose of making a balance. 
Mr. THOMSON. second the amendment 
with all my heart. 
The amend noent was agreed to. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 0ffér, as an amendment, 
the names of A lexander Mitchell {Charles D. Rob- 
inson, Benjamin E. Hutchinson, Marshall M. 
Strong, and John Hackett, from the State of Wis- 
I consin. 
It certainly is not intended that we shan pay I Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the Senator 
