546 
THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE. 
January 24, 
the country who took stock in roads when -they 
vyiéremfirst started, and afterwai•ds found that first, 
sccond, and third •mortgage bonds were put upon 
them, so Ihat their property was entirely lost, 
While the managers contrived to make something 
out of them. Now, sir, there is not a man in the 
Senate who would not rather take stock in the 
road if this amendment be adopted , than if it were 
to be left entirely to the management of the men 
who may have control of it to issue first, second, 
and third-class mortgage bends as they please. 
The Government grants #60,000,000 in money, 
and a large quantity of land, to build a railroad 
that is to cost about a hundred million dollars} 
and, by adopting this amendment, we ask the per- 
sons -who go into it to pay their money. be- 
lieve the United States will be much more secured 
by t.he adoption of the amendment than they will 
be by having a set of men brought into the road 
who never intend to pay any money, and who 
come in simply to get what the Government offers, 
to get the Government honds and lands, and then 
to issue mortgage bonds, and borrow money, and 
cheat everybody that puts money into tkne work 
honestly. I tell you, sir, the good of this road, 
if we are in sober earnest about it, requires these 
guards and checks. The one will draw capital- 
ISts; it will 'draw honest men; it will draw mcn 
of the right stamp. But if you leave it open to 
that class of men who have been the jobbers in 
theraih•oads ofthigcountry, men without fortune, 
and too many of them without character, yon will 
never secure the completion of the road. I bclieve 
this amendment to be of vitul importance to the 
road, and I hope it will be adopted. 
The amendmcnt was agreed to. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to offer one or 
two amendments to this bilk. 
In the thirteenth 
section, after the word " uniting," in the seventh 
line, I Inove to strike out the words 
west of 
longitude 970 "and insert " at or near the ninety- 
seventh degree of west •longitude. 
In regard to 
thc southern route, one branch of which starts 
from the west line of Arkansas, and the other 
from the west line of Louisiana, the bill provides 
that they are to meet by convercring lines sotne- 
where west of the ninety-seventi degree of lon- 
gitude; but they may not meet until they get to 
the Gulf of California or the Pacific ocean. 
Mr. 'l'here is no objection to that. 
amendment. 
It makes it more specific. 
Mr. DOOLI'I'TLE. I suppose there is no 
objection, for it makes it definite, that the point 
of meetinz be at or near the ninety-seventh degre 
of longitude. 
Mr. HALE. I wish my friend from Wiscon- 
sin, if hc undertakes to make it more definite, 
would really do so. W c cannot tell w hut " at or 
near" Lueuns. 
It Incans sornewhere about there, 
somewhere in the neighborhood. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. sa 
not to 
exceed two detyrees in either direction. 
Mr. I-IALE.b 
r Phat will do; but 
at or near 
is very indefinite. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A degree allows a prctty 
large latitude—si.xty miles. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
It does; but 
not so much as " at or near.' 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. say between the ninety- 
seventh and ninety-eighth degrees.' 
M r, HALE. There was some experience in 
the St.ate of Illinois about the Central road. I think 
they f'oun(l out what at or near" meant there. 
They took in about the whole length of the State. 
Mr. DOOLIFL'TLE. I move to amend then, so 
" bctween the ninety-seventh and 
as to say, 
ninety-eighth dem•ces of west longitude." 
The PRESIDiNG OFFICER. It is moved to I 
amend the bill, by striking out in linc eight of the 
thirteenth section, Ibe words " west of longitude I 
ninety-seven degrees," 
and inscrtinc» thc words 
between the ninety-seventh and ninety-eighth 
dcgcees of west longitude. 
Mr. G WIN. I suggest to the Senator to say 
" not west of the ninety-eighth degree." They 
may wish to come together before they get to the 
ninety-seventh degree. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That would defeat what 
I understand to be the purpose of mentioning the 
ninety-seventh degree at all; for if you leave. them 
to meet anywhere cast of the ninety-seventh de- 
gree, they may start at Fort Smith and run south 
through the. Indian territory. That does not effect 
the purpose at all. 
Mr. GWIN. very well. 1 have objection 
to the Senator's amendment. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
MIC. DOOLITTLE. The of first 
section of the bill, as to thc central road, now is, 
' uniting within two hundred miles of the Mis- 
I desire to insert an amcndment 
souri river." 
there, to make the point of union a little more 
definite. I have no pgrsonal interestin the ques- 
tion as to the precise point where the two branches 
should meet; but the great city of Chicago, on thc 
one hand, and the city of St. Louis, on {he other, 
may have an interest in it; and I desire that a 
point at or near Fot•t Kearny should be mentioned, 
which makes just about the proper point of junc- 
tion as between St. Louis.and Chicago. I suppose 
the Senator from California has no objection to 
Mr. GWIN. Not at nil.' 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then 1 move,in the ninth 
line, after the word river," 
to insert the words, 
at or near Fort Kearny;" so that it will read: 
VVith two converging lines bearintr westward, and unit- 
inn within two hundred miles of the Missouri river, at or 
I'lcar Fort Kearny. 
Mr. POLK. There has been an amendment 
adopted there. 
I ask the Secretary to read it as 
it was amended then. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was in regard to the 
branch at the mouth of thc Kansas river. 
Mr. POLK. I should like to hear the whole 
section read as it now stands. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
'l'hat to insure the safe, certain, qnd speedy transporta- 
tion ot• nnails, troops, nnd public stores i't•onl the western 
border of what is called otu• western States, by railroad, to 
wit. : startil'lg froin two points, one on the western border 
of the St.atQ of Missouri, at the mouth of' thc Kansas river, 
proceeding thence up the valley of said river to Ille viein- 
ily of Fort Riley, and the other on the western border of 
rowa, with two convertril}" 
lilies bearin«r westward 
ltnitill" within two hundred miles of the Missouri river, and 
thence proceeding by a single trunk line. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My amendment is to in- 
'at or near Fort Kearny after Missouri 
The amendment was agread to. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to offer another 
amendinent, which is more important, pcrhaps, 
in its provisions, and to which desire to call the 
attention of the Senate; my purpose being, if we 
enter on this railroad polic.y, that we have a rail- 
road completed through. 
i do not wish to put 
into the hands of whoever may get interested in 
this project, tho power to commence the road and 
go on where the lands are good and it is easy to 
build the road, receiving tl)0 bonds of the Gov- 
ernment,finish the railroad a certain distance, and 
then, when they come to a point where it requires 
an expenditure of money to a largc amount, there 
let the road stop, and throw it back on our hands. 
I therefore offer this amendment: after the x,vords 
in the forty-ninth line of the 
fourth section, insert: 
sand prouided., That thirty per cent. of the whole amount 
of bonds ot•tbe United States to bc a(lvanecd as aforesaid, 
shall bc retained by the Secretary of the Treasury until said 
road shall be fully cmnplcted throughout the whole line, as 
above provided. 
I want thirty per cont. to remain in the Treas- 
ury to insure thac the work will cro through. 
IMr. LATHAM. ask the Senator whether 
it is understood that these bonds are to be kept 
in the shape of guarantee, and that, in case of a 
re on the part of the first company, as pro- 
vided in the bill, they are to be forfeited and can- 
celcd by tlk() Government; because, if the title to 
them is vested in the company as the work pro- 
gresses, it seems to me that the amendment really 
amounts to nothing at all. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The object provis- 
ion is, that the bonds shall be retaiY)ed by the Sec- 
rctAey of thc Treasury, and not delivered over to 
thése corporators until the road is fully completed 
th rough out. 
Mr. LATHAM. Suppose the road is not com- 
pleted: wh4t. then? 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then they will notget the 
bonds. 
Mr. LATHAM. Yot.u• amendment does not 
state that. That is exactly what I wanted to cakl 
attention to'. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is objectionable in 
that respect, I will make it certain, 
Mr. LATHAM. I suggest the addition of the 
words that in case of failure the bonds retained 
shall be ca •by the Government. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. will insert at the end, 
and in casc the road is not completcd, the bonds 
so retained in the halids of the Secretary of the 
Treasury shall become forfeited to the United 
Sta tes.' 
Mr. LA.THAM. That will make it complete. 
'The amendment. was agreed to. 
Mr. II ALE. I move that the consideration of 
this bill bc postponed until to-morrow, and that 
the Senate go into executive session. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 hope not. 
MI'. HALE. I am told that it is competent to 
move to eo into executive session, and leave this 
as unfinished business. I arn •willing to put it in 
that form. I movc that lhc Senate proceed to the 
consideration of executive business. 
Mr. LATHAM. call for the yeas and nays. 
'1" lie, yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 10; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Benj;unin, Birder, Binghmn, 
I)odlittle, 
(Barneron. Chandler, Clark, 
(_)ollarnet•, 
Fit.eh, Foot, Foster, Green, Gri:nes, 
Hale, Harlan, Ilmnp. 
Ilunter, Johnson ot- Arkansas, Johnson of 'l'ennessee, 
r Mason, Morrill, Nicholson, Polk, 
Powell, Rice, 
Saulsbut•y, Slidell, Stunner, Trutnbujl, and Wil- 
k in son —34. 
NAYS — Messrs. Baker, Clingman, Douglas, Gvvin, 
Lane, Latham, Seward, Wade, Wigeall, and Wilson—IO. 
Mr. GWIN. Before the vote is announced, 1 
wish to make a motion, to which I presume there 
will bc no object.ion. 
'Ithis railroad bill has been 
amended in various respects, and I ask the Senate 
to agree to print it as it has been amended, so 
that we can have it before us in its present shape 
when the subject cmnes up again. To-morrow 
is private biH day, and it cannot come up then. 
I want it printed as amended, so that when it next 
cornes up, we can have it before us precisely as 
it now is. 
Agreed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
entertain the motion to print the bill as amended, 
by common consent. 
The motion vv•as agreed to. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of 
executive business; and after some time spent 
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate 
a, •ourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
THURSDAY, January 2-4, 1861. 
The I-louse met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rcv. J. G. BUTLER. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
CRISIS MEMORIALS. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask 
the unanimous consent of the House to present 
serics of resolves, adopted at a late public rneet- 
incr in the county of Macoupin, one of the most 
populous and wealthy counties of my district. 
'I'hese resolves express the sense of the members 
of the meeting upon the present national crisis; 
and, I may add, that the members of the meeting 
are among the most intelli;ent and respectable 
gentlemen of my district. f'hey appeal, by the 
resolves adopted, to the conservative sentiment of 
the country favor of peace, order, the Consti- 
tution, and the integrity of the Union ; and express 
their willingness to accept the Crittenden plan, 
or any other fair and reasonable plan, as the basis 
for an adjustment of the existin(F controversy be- 
tween the North and the South. I Inove, sir, that 
they be received, and laid on the table. 
'I'he motion was acrrced to. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky , by unanitnous con- 
sent, presented the proceedings of a meeting of 
the citizens of Mason county, Kentucky, relative 
to the present disturbed stale \ of the country; 
which were referred to the select committee of 
five. 
Mr. STRATTON presented a petition, numer- 
ously sigqcd by citizens of New Jersey, in rela- 
tion to t.he present condition of the country; which 
was laid on the table. 
Mr. HOLMAN asked the unanimous consent 
of the House for permission to introduce the res- 
olutions of an immense meeting of the citizens of 
Brown cot*lty, Indiana, without distinction of 
party, in favor of conciliation, and the adoption 
of the plan of adjustment laid before the Senate 
by Senator CRITTENDEN, of Kentucky. 
