548 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 24, 
tion of the mail itself against any atte+npt that 
may be made by savages or robbers for its cap. 
ture. You will bv this peaceful proposition es- 
tablish a cordon of posts across the continent, 
without one cent of expense added to your mili- 
tary appropriations. And if, unfortunately and 
unhappily, the country should be inv.ol ved in war, 
this treasure would be compelled to come across 
the..centcr of the continent, and for that purpose 
we •will have thcse stations already prepared to 
our hands. We will have- daily transit- across 
the continent, and these posts provided in advance, 
by which, in a few days, we could provide pro- 
tectlon for the safety of this treasure. 
Mr. Speaker, the people of California and the 
people . of the Pacific coast have waited for this 
beneficent proposition long. They have waited 
hopefully. I grant that the Treasury is in a 
straitened condition; but if you wish to bind the 
Pacific States more closely to the Union and the 
Atlantic States—to make them faithful the 
Union-loving members of this Confederacy— 
there is nothing you can do that will incite and 
increase their patriotism mope than to give them 
what they have a right to demand—a daily con- 
nection with the States on the Atlantic coast, from 
which they are so widely separated. It will be 
more potential than any bands of either iron or 
WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I have an 
amendment. which i move to •come in after the 
amendment of the Committee on the Post Offce 
and Post Roads. 
Mr. COLFAX, Let me say, before the gen- 
tieman.from Illinois introduces his amendment, 
that I am authorized by the Committee on the 
Post OMc,c and Post Roads to accept, as a modi- 
fication OF the amendment of the committee, an 
amendment to be ofhn•ed by the gentleman from 
Texas, [Mr. HAMILTON,] increasing- the service 
upon the southern route at a cost $80,000, so 
as to give a semi-weekly service through that 
State from to New Orleans; provided, 
of course, the States of Louisiana and Texas re- 
main in the Union, as I sincerely trust they may. 
Can the gentleman answer whether they will? 
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman would 
seem to require me to declare here what would 
involve a heavy responsibility upon me; but in 
unswer to his question, I can only say, a's one of 
the citizens of Texas, and one of her Representa- 
tives upon this floor, that I hope she is not going 
I believe, 
to withdraw herself from the. Union. 
since Congress has disposition to treat her 
fairly as member of this Confederacy, we have 
gone far toward keeping her in the Union; and I 
will take great pleasure, when I return to my peo- 
plc, in saying that so long as Texas is treated in 
tl•rc Inanncr she has been by this Congress, il 'Will 
bc much to her advantage to remain where she 
I trust she will. If she should withdraw 
from the Union, I take it she could get no advant- 
age under the amendment I atn about to offer, 
even if there were no proviso attached to it. For 
one, I declare, if'l*exas withdraws from the Union, 
she has no right to have rnaii facilities at the ex- 
pense of the General Government. 
Mr. COLFAX. I want, if shc secedes, that 
the Postmaster General shall havc the same right 
to strike down that service thal he has exercised 
with regard to the service near Pensacola. 
The Clerk read Mr. HAMILTON'S amendment, 
as ti)llows: 
That the Postmaster General hereby directed to extend 
the existing rnail contract on route No. 8076, in the State or 
'I'exas, so that it will expire with connectinrv route No. 
I •2578, known as tbc Butterfield route, provided it can be 
done at an additional expense not exeeedint' per 
annunr, and provide for a semi-weekly connection with the 
city of New Orleans. 
Mr. COLFAX. I accept that as a modification 
of the pending amendment, adding to it these 
words: 
But the Postmaster General shall have the same author- 
itv over this as over all other routes. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I offer the 
following amendment: 
And the Postmaster General is hereby directed to reöx- 
the causes far discontinuance or curtailment of the 
postal service on inland routes since the 4th day of March, 
1859, and -to restore all sucl) parts Gf said service as cali be 
restored with a due regard 10 the publie interest and the 
circumstances of each case, whether such discontinuance 
c.r ctl$tanmentsvas upon contract* then in toree, or were 
takiDÉ on the nM1k-ing Of new contracts : Provided, 
'*hat lhe reszorat•icn or increased seryice hereby 
contemplated sbåll be With the •assent of the contractor in 
each case, or in pursuanee of his contract. 
Mr. Speaker, thatamendment brmgs up, to some 
extent; the question which was before Congress 
at the last session, in reference to the reéstablish- 
ment of the mail service which had been discon- 
tiöued by the Postmaster General. It will be recol- 
lected that this House, by many votes—nearly 
two thirds—passed an amendment to one of the 
appropriation bills, directing the reestablishment 
of the mail service which had been discontinued. 
'IThe Senate persistently rcfused to concur in that 
amendment; and upon the Iasi day of the session, 
for the purpose of preventing the bill being 'lost, 
the Ilouse finally receded. Now, sir, the amend- 
mcnt which I have sent to the Clerk's desk, and 
which has been read, does not propose n per- 
emptory reéstablishmcnt of the mail service; but 
in viex,v of the action of the Post Offce Depart- 
ment, it directs the Postmaster General to reopen 
all of the cases, and in his discretion to reestab- 
1ish the postal service where the public interest 
requires it. That is the whole extent of this 
amendment; and I do not believe it will be objected 
to by a single member of this House. 
Mr. BURCH. 1 do not believe 
ment of the gcnt.leman from Illinois is in order to 
this post route bill which m,ve have now under con- 
sideration ; and, inasmuch as I cannot sec why the 
gentleman should desire to load down that section 
of this bill which refers to the overland mail route, 
to which his amendment is offered, I raise the 
point of order that the amendinent is not germane, 
and also that it is new legislation. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It isentirely 
germane to this post route bill, for that is the sub- 
ject we are legislating about. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Allow me to ask 
the gentleman from Illinois, whether the existing 
law does not confer upon the Postmaster General 
that authority ? 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No sir. 
I will say to thc gentleman, 
Mr. BURCH. 
that i have no objection to his umendment per se, 
but object to its being attached to this bill. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would the 
gentleman frorn California raise a point of order 
for the purpose of preventino• the Postmaster 
General from reéstftblishing tl')ese routes? 
Mr. BURCH. Asl said before, i have no 0b- 
jeclion to the passage of the gentleman 's amend- 
ment in the proper place. On frequent occasions, 
last x.vinter, I voted for amendments similar to 
this; and also as a member on the Committee on 
I coöperated with 
the Post Office and Post Roads. 
them iii all efforts to restore and reéstabligh the 
mail service in all sections of the United States; 
but I object to 't now, because I do not believe 
that we should load down the provision• for an 
overland nvail route to California with this prop- 
osition. 
I differ with 
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. 
the gentleman from California; for instead of load- 
ing down the overland mail I think 
this a mend will do Inorc than anything else 
to help it along. 
Mr. BURNETT. Allow me to ask the gen- 
I desire, to know 
tleman from Illinois a question . 
whether the Postmaster General has not now 
discretion necessary to enable him to restore any 
of the mail service which, in his judgment, he 
thinks ought to be restored ? 
this matter until I hear objection made to it; but 
if objection shall be made, I will take occasion to 
answer it. 
Mr. COLFAX. I coöperated with my friend 
from Illinois during the last session, as he very 
well knows, for amendments of this character; 
but I must say to him that I cannot continue that 
contest during this scssion. We found that the 
Senate '•,vere hostile to our proposition', and that 
it almost resulted in the defeat of the Post Offce 
appropriation bill. Upon the bill now under con- 
sideration we have an accumulation of post routes 
for the last three years. This post route bill has 
been killed year after year by amendments placed 
upon it; once by a proposition for the increase of 
postage being placed upon it, and on another oc- 
casion for want of time. Now, I am desirous that 
all the members of this House who have post 
routes in their interior reffions, and who desire, 
where settlements have gone, to have the mails 
follow them, should have this bill pass. The Sen- 
ate have put on a number of amendments, and we 
havc concurred in them, in substance. The only 
material tunendrnent to this bill is that which re- 
. lates to the overland mail; which the Senate pre- 
sented in one x.vay, and which the Post Offce 
Committee of this House have this morning, in a 
modified förm, presented to the House. 
I fear 
that it' we put into this bilk the amendment of the 
gentleman from Illinois, it will tend to break 
down this bill in the Senate. 
Further than that. I will say to the gentleman 
that what he proposes now can be done by the 
I understood him, and I 
Postmnstcr General. 
have understood other gentlemen, to take the 
cn•ound that the Postmaster General has once 
taken up these cases, and tl'iat his successor cannot 
reéxamine them. I grant that that is true in some 
respqc • , as in cases of claims under contracts, 
extra ay, settlement of postmasters' accounts, 
&c.; but It is not true in regard to the enlargement 
or curtailment of the mail service upon any exist- 
ing post routes of the country. That is within 
the power of the present Postmaster General, and 
it will be within the power of his successor. 
think we ought to have confidence that the incom- 
ing Administration will do what justice requires, 
and that the wants of the people will be attend- 
I Mr. PHELPS. lhave merely a word to say. 
We find ourselves oftentimes involved in diff- 
culty, because of amendments, which are added 
I to our bills by the Senate, which ought not to be 
I added. I am of opinion that policy requires that 
upon a bill establishing post routes through the 
country no other or further legislation should be 
placed upon it; that it should stand very much like 
appropriation bills. In those bills we propose to 
appropriate so much money as iS required by ex- 
istlng laws. So, in bills establishing post roads, 
we purpose to establish by law such post roads as 
we believe are now necessary, in addition to those 
already established. But the misfortune is, that 
upon this bill you have provisions relating to the 
postal system, for providing for the rate of speed 
at which the service shall be performed, the rates 
of postage, the mode of conveyance, and you 
have other provisions which are entirely incon- 
gruous to the subject-matter of the bill. That in- 
volves us in diffculties, and oftentimes it has led 
to the defeat of the post route bill. 
These are reasons which present themselves to 
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. That is the me, and which dispose me to oppose much of the 
very question propounded by the gentleman from legislation in this bill, while I mtgllt feel disposed 
Missouri, and which I desn•e to answer. The to sustain the same measures were they independ- 
Postlnust,er General has made his decisions upon ently presented to me. In a bill rclatmcr to post- 
all of these cases. They are matters upon which ages, and to the regulation of the Post Office 
and according Department exclusively, I mioht. have been dis- 
the Department has already acted ; 
to the rules which have always governed the De- i i posed to agree to them. The proposition sub- 
partment, the qucstion is now res adjudicata; and mitted by the gentleman from Illinois, and which 
the present Postmaster General, or any subse- is now tho proposition immediately under discus- 
sion, was one considered during the last session 
quent one, would say, should you go to him and 
of Congress, and because of the deföat of the Post 
ask him to restore this service, that his predo- 
cessor had already acted upon the matter, and Offce appropriation bill, the Postmaster General 
refused to restore the- routes, and he must be 
governed by that action of his predecessor. 
And this is one of the reasons why desire that 
this discretion shall be vested in thc Postmaster 
General, in order that he may take •up all these 
cases anew, examine them, and wherever he. be- 
lieves the public interest required that additional 
mail service should be put on or restored, that he 
may have the power to do it. 
1 will not consume the time of the House upon 
was compelled to reduce the service in nrany por- 
tions of the country. Still, as he possessed the 
pov;er to restore it whenever there was money 
p3ae„ed at his disposal without our authorizing him 
to do so, I was unwilling then, as I am now, by a 
mandatory act, t.o direct him to»restore the service 
where he does not consider it his duty to do so, 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f1ilinois. What does 
the gentleman mean by " mandatory act ?" 
Mr. PHELPS. If I understand the amendment 
