1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE. 
of the gentleman from •Illinois, it directs the Post- the 1st of next July of $21,677i524, to suppiy Mr. GROW.) *Mr. 
master General to restore the service wherever he deficiencies. In addition to that, you have already Government to protect thé pioneers: who -settle 
I do not know the exact passed a deficiency bill of nearly two million, the wilderness even under:the hom'eSt;eadÉ.; - Itii9 
had discontinued it. 
which makes it $23,000,000. The Committee of as much itsdutyto guarrd• them against the 
langua e of the amendment. 
Mr. {V ASHBURN E, of Illinois. The gen- Ways and Means will have, within a week, to and the wild beast, as it is to protect, the-be-afrth' 
It merely directs him to ex- reporta bill to borrow $23,000,000, unless the ' stone of the gentleman -from TennesSee.s 
tleman is mistaken. 
tariff bill shall pass, which itself au thorizes a loan. 
amine those cases; and in cases where the public 
interest requires it, he is permitted to restore the Shall we, under such circumstances, provide for 
service. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have sated the spirit of the 
It is the duty of the Postmaster 
amendment. 
General, without uny such provision, to examine 
and see whether an Increased mall service should 
be performed in any section of the country *and 
if he believes that the mail service, of any 
of the Union should be increased, it is his du 
to increase it, provided he has the means at hlS 
disposal to pay for that service. I say, then, that 
the provision of lhe amendment submitted by 
the gentleman from Illinois is, in its nature, mand- 
atory. It is mandatory: it requires him to restore 
the mail service which he has discontinued; and 
it can receive no other construction if it shall be- 
come a law. 
We have, Mr.Speaker, otheramendments upon 
I have not had time to examine them, 
this bill. 
nor shall I express any opinion in relation to them, 
except this: that it becomes the duty of the rnem- 
bers of this House and of the other branch of 
Congress, to look well to the expenditures they 
are about to authorize. You must first inquire 
as to your means. Are you willing to increase 
the mail service of the country beyond its present 
limits when you have to go Into the market arid 
borrow money at ten and twelve per cent. per 
annum? Already the expense of the mail service 
of the United States exceeds, by some four or five 
million dollars, the revenue derived from that 
branch of the public service. When we adhered 
to the old rule, that the expenditures of the De- 
partmentshould not exceed the receipts, the postal 
servicc of the country was gradaaåly extended 
according to the wants and necessities of the com- 
munity. I cannot sanction the provisions con- 
tained in these amendments; and before the bilt 
is disposed Ofs I may, perhaps, present my views 
in regard to some of them. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, regret very 
much to be compelled to oppose the amendment 
proposed by the gentlemgn from Indiana; but a 
sense of duty compels me to do so. I am as much 
in favor of postal service to California, and daily 
mail routes, of railroads and telegraph.s, as any 
man living. And yet it-is utterly idle, it is crim- 
inal, for us now to be considering sullieets of this 
character, when we are borrowin«r Inoney at the 
rate of twelve per cent. We have. to provide 
$23,000,000 for deficiencies by the 1st of July. 
We have to pass, before this session closes, loun 
bills to the amount of near fifty million dollars. 
It seems to me to be idle and to talk about 
increasing thc postal scrvice of the country under 
such circumstances. 
Now, I would be willing to extend to Califor- 
nia all t.he service that is needed. She now has 
tri-monthly service by the Ist.hmus of Panama and 
semi-we.ekly on the southern and northern routes. 
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman will find that 
the ocean service is to be discontinued. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not desire to be inter- 
ru ted 
{Ir. COLFAX. The gentleman ought to let 
me correct him about a question of fact. There 
is no semi-weekl service on the central route. 
Mr. SHERMXN. If the gentleman had lis- 
tened to me, he would have found that I was not 
mistaken. There is tri-monthly service by the 
Panama route; there is weekly service, on the 
northern route, and weekly service on the south- 
ern route—making semi-weekly service overland ; 
and we have other routes. Now, it seems to me 
that our fellow-citizens in California can get along 
a little while longer, in the strait in which we are 
involved, and that we should not now embark in 
increasing the expenditures of the Government? 
Let gentlemen remember, once for all, that for 
expenditures after the 1st of July, we have to pro- 
vide for $30,000,000 more, even if all the political 
troubles which now overhang us should pass away 
in peace. And, sir, if war should come, we do 
not know bow much more •we should require. I 
trust, then, that my friends will not press these 
propositions to increuse the expenditures. 
I will with- 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
draw my amendment to the amendment of the 
•entleman from Indiana. I do not wish to link 
its fate with the fate of that amendment; but will 
offer it to some other part of the bill. 
Mr. GROW. Proposing to vote for this ovct•- 
land route, I desire to say a word or two in ex- 
1 deprecate the practice 
planation of my vote. 
which has grown up within the last two or three 
years, of attachinrr legislation of all sorts to the 
general post route biif by the Senate, thus com- 
peliing us to legislate upon bill that no one has 
any substantial objection to, in the first instance, 
on all kinds of controverted questions. WI-file 
I am opposed to that system, we are compelled 
now to act these anlemlments. 
It costs the Governmcnt.,at present, as under- 
stand it, aside from the Butterfield route, about 
six hundred thousand doi\ars for mail service to 
r 1'he Butlerficid route is fixed 
thc Pacific coast. 
by law, and need not cntet• into the consideration 
of this question, one way or the other. Six hun- 
dred thousand dollars are spent now, nearly one 
half on the sea service, and the other half on the 
overland route. 
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to spending one 
cent of moriey water communication betwcén 
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts, so long as we, have 
a vast interior continent to develop. When we 
send mail facilities throucrll that wilderness, we 
are opening up emigrant lines of travel, and pro- 
viding thetn with better protection than forts and 
armics can cive the settlers. Then, why send 
ships over two oceans to carry the mails to the 
people who inhabit the Pacific coast, when, by 
carrying the mails overland, you furnish facilities 
for ihc development of the interior and the pro- 
teclion of emigrants and of t.he. hardy pioneers, 
who are, day by day, fii]inx up our vast wilder- 
nesses? Two hundred lhousand dollars a year 
additional is required to furnish a daily mail ser- 
vice to the Pacific overland, and thus secure these 
desirable ends. -Why should vvre hesitate to give 
for a necessary purpose when benefits, 
Is it not the 
of t.l)is kind arc to rcsalt from it? 
duty of the Government to furnish the same fa- 
c.i\ities to an equal numbcr of people, with cqual 
business, with equal attachment to the country, 
wherever their homes may be? Because a great 
wilderness intervenes between the settlements on 
the Atlantic and the half million people on the 
Pacific slope—a wilderness inhabited only by sav- 
agcs and wild beasts—is not the obligation of the 
Government to those people the same as to any 
other half million of our people living on the At- 
lantic coast or the Gulf of Mexico ? 
well, then, Mr. Speaker, $200,000 additional 
expenditure will give to the Pacific slope, with 
its half million people paying annually not less 
than of revenue to the Government 
from customs alone, daily mail filcilities such as I 
we furnish the people elsewhere. And while doing 
that, what else shall we accomplish? By placing 
mail stations along the emigrant routes between 
the Atlantic and the Pacific, you will guard the 
hardy pioneers seeking new homes better than it 
could be done in anv other way; for a mail sta- 
new adventures, which will cost not less than I tion, established and guai(led by private enter- 
$300,000 a year additional. Until yesterday, there 'l prise, is worth more, as a shield and protection 
were lying on the desk of the Secretary of the to settlements and to emigrants, than fortifications 
Treasury between two and three million dollars of and soldiers. 
drafts which had not been paid , because there was Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentleman 
no money in the Treasury 10 pay them, and which whether it would not be belter to postpone the 
are only now bein«-r paid by selling Treasury notes abolition of this water communication with Caii- 
at a rate of interest of nine per cent. He sent i fornia for two or threc years, until we can have 
II 
the beneficent operations of the homestead bill to 
you a communication yesterday, which has been 
printed, showing that he will want a foan before carry the settlers into this interior region 
ter what it may cost the Governments; 
icanx citizen' and his fireside must be sedui'éd-uii.der 
the shield of this Government, whether •h€maåcés 
his home on the frontier or in one of--thé originat 
States of the Union. 
Mr. HINDMAN, Does -the' gentleman, in 
speaking of protection by the Govei•ntnent, pro- 
pose to extend it to property as wellas •persons ? 
Mr. GROW. 1 do, certainly. 1 know no dig- 
Linetion betsveen them.- But -l suppose the gen• 
tleman meant to bi•ing the nigger" into' 
controversy. There is hardly any subject -that 
comes up here in which the nigger" does •not 
appear; and certain men aæ now trying to break 
up thp Union, because they care more for: the 
rights of property," as they call it, -thanthey 
do for the rights of man. 1 want the Government 
to protect thé rights of men, the hearthstones arid 
firesides of those who have gone forth, to people 
the wilderness', and build up the -great empires 
which to-day span the continent, abd has made 
this country the wonder, and admiratiOn offthe 
world. do not see why this Governmen't is 
not as much bound to give tothe people-on 'the 
Pacific the same benefits and facilities as it gives 
to an cqual number of people living in the old 
portions ot• the country. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania whether the establishment of 
these mail stati0i'1s ail the way across the conti- 
nent, at every fifteen miles, will not lessen our 
actual annual Indian expenses enough to make it 
a matter of economy ? 
Mr. GROW. I am afraid the gentleman from 
Missouri has not listened to my remarks,A1nless-, 
indeed, hc wished me to repeat what-I have said 
thinking, perhaps, that that was 
on that point, 
the only thing I 'have said of any consequenCe.>4 So 
I said, Mr. Speaker, that these sta- 
I repeat it. 
tions along t,he mail routes were worth more to 
protect the emicrant lines Of travel tl•nan forts a•nd 
armies, the protection of which the Government 
is bound to give, and docs give. For ten years 
past, i have seen Army appropriation bills passed 
by this House, appropriating from ten to fifteen 
million dollars—part of which was to build forts 
the frontiers—and nobody objected to the 
amount for Arnny expenses. And appeals have 
been made for years past to increase the Army. 
For what ? To protect the emigrat* lines of i-ravel. 
And yet, one recrirnent costs the Government more 
money than the entire overland mail service wouid; 
and when you have raised that regiment, it ig 
worth but little, in comparison with the mail roüte, 
for the protection of emigrants and pioneers. 
I wan.ted to state the point of my argument 
over again for the benefit of the gentleman from 
Missouri, and because I -think that he appreciates 
It costs now 
that portion of my statement' 
$600,000 to send the mails to California—lcaving 
out the Butterfield route altogether; $200,000 
more will give a daily overland mail to the Pacific 
coast, carrying all the mail matter in less time 
than it is carried now by water. The only ques- 
tion is, shall we appropriate $200,000 a year morc 
for the purpose of furnishing these daily mail 
communication, thus accomplishing three things 
which it is the duty of the Government to furnish 
to the people: first, -to give mail facilities alike to 
an equal number of people, of equal business; 
second, to defend the settlements in the wilder- 
ness by planting all through it those mail stations 
as nuclei of defénse; and third, togive- protection 
to the emigrant on his lines of emigration against 
the savages? The Government is bound in good 
faith to the people, everywhere to protect their 
lives and homes, whether on the spot where they 
are born, or in their new hömesän the western 
wilderness. 
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I move to amend, 
by striking out of the proviso, at line:seventeen, 
the words, " at least semi-weekly," and, inserting 
. in lieu thcreof the words daily;" so that it- Will 
Provided, Ki'hat the contractor sh:dl supply Denver City 
and Great Salt Lake City daily without extra Charge; 
I have no speech to make by way of enforeiffg 
