550 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 24, 
my amendment; and I only ask permission to 
apply to it the speech made by the -gentieman 
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Gnow.] 
It applies as 
much to Denver City and Salt Lake City as it does 
to California. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. As 1 intend 
to vote against this amendment, just as- my col- 
league [Mr. GROW] intends to vote for it, I desire 
to say a word or two about it. 
I admire the elo- 
quence which my colleague always displays in 
grouping together thesc " glittering generalities 
about the hardy pioneer when it comes to a ques- 
tion of barren lands. Does my colleague mean 
to say that, when this overland mail route isestab- 
lished, the post boys at the stations are to fight 
the battles of the nation against the savage, and 
to protect the emigrant? Why, sir, wherever 
you have established a post route, you have, so 
far, been obliged to send soldicrs to protect them. 
Wherever through those barren wilds you send 
your mails, you have to send your troops to guard 
them. The very fact of cstablishin2• stations for 
a daily mail line will increase the necessity of 
sending soldiers . there to guard them also. Cali- 
fornia and Oregon are now pretty well provided 
with postal facilities, considering their distance 
and the newness of the country, both overland 
and by sea. I do not know what gentlemen mean 
by speaking of the Butterfield route as if that were 
ignored altogether. I suppose itgoes somewhere. 
I know we pay largely for it. And I think it 
better to wait till that service is done away with 
before we begin to incur any more expense in 
this way. 
I agree with the chairman of the Committée of 
Ways ttnd Means, that to be now increasing the 
expenditures of the Government $200,000 in one 
place, $300,000 in another, and an indefinite sum 
to establish postal routes, with an army to guard 
them, is madness on the part of those who look 
to retrenchment and reform, and who look to 
carrying orHhe administration with the money of 
the Government för the next year. 
If our debt 
now ••,vere. all collected cer- 
tificates and all—I doubt not Lhat it would amount 
to There are $63,000,000 now regis- 
tered. We arc asked for $20,000,000 more imme- 
diately. Before next July, if we provide properly 
foc the grave exigencies of the country, we shall 
be in debt to the amount of $150,000,000. And 
yet we see, on the part of members on this side of 
the 'House, who are to have the responsibility, 
even more recklessness in extravagance than is 
seen on t:he other side, where members arc, I 
must say, more economical, if left to themselves, 
and if the Executive were not to interfere wit.h 
them. 
Gentlemen on this side—and, perhaps, I ought 
to reproach myself among others—sit here with 
indifference, while is voted to r ["exas 
one day to establish a new army, to be turned 
against ourselves the moment Texas chooses to 
find CALUSe to scccdc; while for moonshinc 
privileges will come up in the House before long. 
Hore fs $200,000 niore•, and God knows how 
much more wc will vot.e away. 'I'his Government 
is now overwhclmcd in debt: and if you go on at 
the present rate, you will not be able to carry on 
the Governmcnt for another year without bank- 
ruptcy and protest. 
I am amazed that tbc party 
which has the organization of this House, and 
which is, in some measure, responsible to the 
country for the business of legislation, should be 
still, ut this particular crisis, asking to increase 
expenses. My colleague calls on us to give, facil- 
ities to our hardy pioneers. Our pioneers are in- 
dustrious and meritorious men , and ought to have 
proper mail facilities. They now have them. If 
the country were in a condition to spend money 
rather for ornament than use; rather to traverse 
a wilderness of two thousand miles than to sup- 
ply mail facilities in the old parts of the country— 
if you had the money to do that, I should not 
have so much objection to thc gentleman squan- 
dering it. 
Yet gentlemen talk about accomplishing this 
object without regard to expense, when the coun- 
try is a beggar; when you have not a dollar for 
your cornmon necessaries; when you have not a 
farthing to pay the debts that you owe. It looks 
to me more like a liberal expenditure with the 
view of a more inevitable bankruptcy of the Gov- 
ernment than anything else. But 1 do hope that 
the suggestions of the chairman of the Committee 
of Ways and Means, who has looked seriously 
into, and is well informed upon, the condition of 
the finances of the country—I say f hope the sug- 
gestions of the gentleman from Ohio will be taken 
mto consideration when a further enlargement of 
the expenses of the Government is to be made. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 will inquire, whether the 
morning hour has expired ? 
The SPEAKER. It has not. 
Mr. CURTIS. When I first came to Congress, 
four winters ago, I found that the overland mail, 
and the mails via Panama to California, were 
being carried on at an expenditure of some two 
million two hundred thousand dollars. Since 
that time we have been constantly reducing the 
expenses of that service until the present time, it 
has been cut down to an extent which, including 
the Butterfield contract, will amount in the aggre- 
gale t.o something less than two million dollars. 
I am informed that it reaches only $1,400,000. 
So that all this talk about increased drafts upon 
the Treasury cannot apply to this California mail 
service; for, as I have said, we have been con- 
stuntly reducing the expense of that service for 
the last three years. This, therefore, cannot be 
included in the process by which the gentleman 
from Ohio says we are bringing the Government 
in debt. 
But there is another point of view to which I 
wish to call attention. The settlements along the 
line of this central route have been greatly in- 
creased since I first came to Congress. The gold 
mines of the Rocky Mount.ains havc bccn discov- 
ered; and it is due to the people who arc there that 
mail facilities shall be furr)ishcd to them. The 
settlements have been extended up the Black river 
some two hundred miles, and they receive their 
mails from this central route. 
It also furnishes 
mail facilities to thc settlers at the Washoe mines, 
which have been discovered since first came to 
Congress; so that there is a necessity for a daily 
overland tnail to Califorl'liz.l existinu• now which 
did not exist formerly. This, then, is a question 
between the Panama mail con tractors and the 
overland mail contractors. It is a question whether 
',ve shall build up the ocean line by Panan•a, or 
whether we shall build up a great overland route 
through the heart of our own country. It is a 
strife between two great lines—one a water line 
and the other a land line. It is a strifö between 
capital and the pioneers of the West. That is what 
the strife is. It is a strife which commenced here 
last year, and which is goinT on now. Shall we 
decide it in favor of thc parties who will carry the 
mail through a foreign country, or in favor of 
those who will carry it through the center of our 
country? I am for building up the interior of our 
country. I aun for the central route. As shown 
by the gentleman from Pennsyl vania, (IMP.GRow , I 
this is a mere question whether we shall pay this 
money to Vanderbilt, of New York, or to the 
thousands of our citizens who will be benefited 
by its being carried by the overland route. I have 
watchcd the progress of this California mail scr- 
vice for years, with interest; and I assert that the 
change which is now proposed , instead of increas- 
ing the expenses of the Government, will reducc 
thoso expenses. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. STE- 
speaks of this overland route being through 
a wilderness of two thousand miles, which it will 
require the Army of the United Stat.es to protect. 
Why, sir, we have a mail service there already, 
and it requires no arrny to protect. it. The people 
of the various posts are able to protect themselves. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire enter 
a disclaimer to the remarks of the gentleman from 
'I'he remark of the gentleman , whether so 
Iowa. 
intended or not, would bear the construction, that 
those of us who have expressed an opposition to 
the discontinuance of the ocean mail service to 
California, were in some way interested in secur- 
ing from the Government certain benefits, perqui- 
sites, or advantages, to Commodore Vanderbilt. 
I will not speak for the•otheu• gentlemcn who have 
expressed their opposition to that discontinuance. 
It may be that, this is the case with the venerable 
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. STEVENS;] it 
may be that this was the motive of the gentleman 
froin Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of 
Ways and Means, [Mr. SHERMAN;] it may be that 
such was the fact with my friend from Missouri, 
any contract for carrying the mail overland or by 
Panama. 
Mr. CURTIS. I am glad the honorable gentle: 
man from Tennessee has called my attention to 
the remark to which he refers, if it will bear any 
such construction as he has given to it. Cer- 
tainly nothing was further from my purpose than 
to impute any such motives to the gentleman from 
Tennessee; and I here enter the same disclaimer 
in respect to all the other gentlemen. I merely 
desired to express my hope that this House wiil 
not continue a system which I believe to be 
wro g. I prefer that our mails for the Pacific 
sh I be carried through our own territory. 
DISTURBED STATE OF COUNTRY. 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour havin„ 
expired, the Chair states that the report of the 
committee of thirty-three comes up for consider- 
ation as a special order; upoY1 which the genLle• 
man from North Carolina [Mr. WINSLOW] is 
entitled to the floor. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 have not sufficiently 
covered my voice to be able to address the House 
to-day; and I shall have to throw myself upon 
the indulgence of gentlemen to afford me an op- 
portunity of addressing them at some subsequent 
period. 
Mr. RUST addressed the House an hour. [Hij 
remarks, and other proceedings connected there- 
with, will be published in the Appendix..] 
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Speaker, 1 recognize, to- 
day, but two parties in thiscountry; the party of 
law and order, and the party of revolution; the 
party which would preserve the Federal Govern:- 
ment and the party which would destroy 
Government; the. unionists and the disunionists. 
The rapid growth of the latter organization , w hich , 
.cmerging from the lurking-places of conspiracy 
a little more than two months ago, has in that 
short space of time, become dominant in several 
of the States, and has led thousands of citizens 
into open rebellion acrainst the Government, re- 
quires of us a.careful scrutiny into the avowed 
reasons for so unnatural a revolt, and an impar- 
tial investigation of its origin, of the objects of its 
leaders, and of the results to which it tends. On 
the other hand, the absolute necessity which ex- 
ists for the maintenance of social order, demands 
of us that we ascertain and adopt the most eflÄ)t- 
ive methods for the preservation of the social fab- 
ric. The considera ti011 of the measures reported 
by the majority and minority of the committee, 
neccssarily involves thc inquiries which I have 
just indica.ted . 
In tbe manifestoes published by tbe disunion. 
ists for their own justification, I find various cir- 
cumstances assigned as furnishing sufficient rea- 
sons for rebellion. The first is, that Abraham 
Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin have been elected 
President and Vice President of the United States. 
Was there any violation of the Constitution, any 
infringement of the law, in the mode of accom- 
plishing that result? Nonc whatever. The result, 
then, is not, in itself, suåcient cauSO fot• disunion. 
But it is said that Abraham Lincoln dislikes 
slavery, and is of opinion that it will ultimately 
disappear from the Republic. George Washing- 
ton, the first President of the United States, held 
thc same views. So did John Adams; so did 
'I'homas Jeflérson; so did James Madison; so did 
James Monroe. Clearly, then, this is not cause 
for disunion. 
lb is urged, however, that Mr. Lincoln thinks 
that slavery ought not to expand into free terri- 
tory. So did President Jefferson, when he ap- 
proved the act to enable the people of Ohio to form 
a State constitution with an express provision to 
prevent the expansion of slavery into the future 
State. So did President Madison, whén he ap- 
proved the act to enable the people of Indiana to 
torm a Statc constitution with the same restric- 
tion. So did President Monroe, when, with his 
I approval, the same conditions were imposed upon 
i the admission of the State of Illinois. So did Pres- 
I ident Jackson, when be approved the act organ- 
i izing the Tl'erritory of Wisconsin, including the 
present States of Wisconsin and Iowa, with an 
express prohibition of the existence of slavery 
therein. So did President Polk, when he signed 
the act " to establish the territorial government of 
Oregon" with the same wise prohibition imposed 
[Mr. PHELPS.] They can speak for themselves; upon the inhabitants and future States" of that 
but for myself, I desire to disclaim any interest in 'I'erritpry. How, then, can the opinions of Pres- 
