552 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 24, 
citizen-s a'ré silenced by fear. Men of property 
either join the ranks of the insurgents,' in hope 
Of saving something from the -wreck, or stand 
despairingly a}öof9 hopeless of the future. Let 
but the ties which bind the States to the Federal 
Government •be broken, and the leaders of the re- 
hellion see glittering before them the prizes of a 
slaveholding empire, which, grasping Cuba with 
one hand, and Mexico with the other, shall dis- 
tribute titles, fame, and fortune, to 5th-e foremost 
in the •strife. 
such, in my opinion, is the real orio•in of the 
present revolt, and such are the motives which 
inspire its leaders. I do not say that all who arc 
participating in the rebellion share these feelings. 
Thousands of honest men have been deceived by 
.thö, promoters of revolution, and verily think that 
they are st.riking for endangered rights. And what 
is the result to which all this tends? The first 
thing ',vhich it proposes to accomplish is the dis- 
menibet•ment of the Republic; and this it claims 
the right. to do, c.vithout the consent of the Fed- 
eral Government or of the loyal States, but as an 
exercise of the plain constitutional powers of the 
disloyal States. The advocates of this dogma 
would hide the guilt of rebellion, and the blood 
and tears of revolution, under the soft-spoken 
phraseology of secession. T bey have dug the 
rotting bones of nullification out of its dishonored 
grave, and clothing them with the mask and robes 
of a false legality, have endeavored 'to conceal 
from the world the grinning skeleton within. 
shall not spend time in exposing the imposture. 
The Government of the United States is n delu- 
sion, the Union a sham, and the Constitution a lie, 
I can add nothing to the 
if secession be true. 
reasoning which has already been brough't to bear 
upon it. Daniel Webster smote it with his Tl'ior's 
hammer a generation since; and no Inan of this 
generation can add to the weight of that blow. 
What results may be expected after the dismem- 
berment of the Republic? The southern empire 
will seek to coalesce, and nnay fora time succeed; 
but it Will find in the ambition of rival chiefs, in 
the conflict of rival interest', and in the pernicious 
example of successful rebellion, sources of dis- 
cord more serious Iban 'ever prevailed in the old 
Union. Without diversity of industry, and with 
labor enslaved, aristocracy wikl contint_te to ex- 
pand until the necessity of armies for defense, 
armies for attempted conquest , and förccs to watch 
the first symptoms of insurrection, will superin- 
duce a military despotism. The expansion, now 
so much sought for, will not bc obtaincd. Neither 
the Powers of the old world of the new will per- 
mit Mexico or Cuba to pass into the hands of the 
empire of the South. The slave trade will be 
reopened, ut first clandestinely, at last openly. 
Taxation will fall with crushing weight upon the 
property interests. Thousands will fly from a 
country given overto destruction , to regions where 
liberty and social order will still prevail. The 
preponderance of' the black over the white race 
will bcgin and will increase with föarful rapidity. 
I close my eyes in horror, and 1001K no further, 
for the far horizon is growing lurid with the fires 
of St. Dominto. 
Meanwhile, the. United States of America re- 
mains among the-foremost of the nations of the I 
e*trh. Still belti.ng the continent with its vast 
domain, posseisöd of an- industry tho most diver- 
8ified of that of any people, retaining agricultural, 
commercial, manufhctuu•ing, and miniuw interests 
unsurpassed anywhere in extent and in capacity 
of development, bound together with iron bonds 
by the great high way of nations whose tcrmini 
shall be the Atlantic and Pacific shores, and oc- 
cupied by a people as free, as virtuous, as happy, 
and as contented as any on the globe—the grandeur 
of the Republic will remain unimpaired by the 
madness of those who have rejected its blessings. 
Over every sca the stars and stripes will still 
" the ensign of one of the little 
wave, not as 
North American Republics," but as the flag of 
the United States, feared for the Power whose 
symbol it is, honored by a thousand recollections, . 
endeared by a thousand associations, and, per- 
haps, not less glorious in the sight of thc civilized 
worid when slavery shall have ceased to recog- 
nize that banner as its emblem. 
[t has been said, indeed, that the dismernber- 
ment which have been considerinr is not the 
only one that may occur; and sundry gentlemen, 
whose homes are to the northward of Mason and 
Dixon's line, but 'whose principles would seem 
to have sprung from a more congenial southern 
soil, have expressed an anxiety to escape from a 
further union with New England. I do not won- 
der when such expressions fall from the lips of 
any one who, in this age of the world, and bred 
amid free institutions, has nevertheless consented 
to become the apologist of slavery. But, sir, 
what would this nation be without the New 
land influence which has permeated its whole I'fé? 
Go out from her borders, and follow the parallels 
of latitude westward to the Pacific. Wherever 
alnng your pathway you find, mingled in their 
justest, proportions, reverence for law and love of 
civil liberty; wherever you find the hiøhestsocial 
order resting securely upon the broadest democ- 
racy; wherever industry is most prevalent, and 
reaps the most ample rewards; wherever villages 
cluster thickest, and churches most abound, and 
school -houses stand most frequent; wherever 
Christianity assurnes her purest fortn, and edu- 
cation is most widely disseminated, there, sir, 
cverywhere there, you behold the foot-prints of 
New England. And at home, among her mount- 
ains and along her valleys, dwells to-day a people 
unsurpassed, in everything that makes a nation 
great, by any peoplcon this€arth. Cast by accident 
upon a bleak and comparatively sterile region , they 
found themselves confronted by the hostile ele- 
ments of nature, and defied and conquered them. 
They have turned the rock y hill-sides into stnooth 
pasture fields, and the desolate swamps into fair 
meadows. They have chained the rushing rivers, 
and compelled them to drive the machinery of a 
thousand manufactories, whose product is borne 
by their commerce to the farthest, regions of the 
globe. "I'hey have dotted the land all over with 
villages, where the hum of industry never ceases 
except for the old New England Sabbath rest. 
Their government is the purest democracy the 
world ever saw; their social order its perfect as 
any that ever prevailed in human society. From 
every hill-top you can count the spires of many 
churches; in every hamlet the school-house, free 
rl'he people who dwell there 
to all, has its place. 
are quiet, loyal, law-abiding men, pursuing their 
avocations in peace, and dreading commotion and 
But the blood of the rold fronsides is 
civil strife. 
in their veins, and in their minds the memories 
of Marston Moor mingle with those of Lexington 
and Bunker's Hill. The impulse which lies deep- 
est in their Ilearts is not the miserable fiction 'nis- 
called honor, but the living and eternal verity of 
duty, at whose call• they will, if need be, lay down 
the implements of peace, and ••,vaik as calmly up 
to the cannon mouth ag they now do to their 
daily toil. Sir, the United States of America can- 
not afford to lose New England, and the sons of 
New England, scattered all over the broad North 
and West, cannot sun(ler the tie which binds 
them t.o the hearth-stone of civil liberty on this 
westerj') continent. 
But I anl wandering from my purpose. I have 
now considered tbc avowed reasons for this rc- 
volt, its real origin, the object of its authors, and 
the results to which it 
It remains for me 
to ascertain, if I can, the most effective methods 
for its suppression. Great changes in the con- 
dit.ion of affairs have occurred since the early 
sessions of the committee. When we first met, 
no State ultemptßd to withdraw from the 
Uniofi,; no' Federal property had been seized and 
confisdated; no Federal forts captured; no rebel 
cannon fired upon the national flag. 
Six weeks 
acro, we might properly have discussed alleged 
grievances; it may now be appropriate that pre- 
liminary measures ofa different character be taken. 
If I have correctly judged of the origin and char- 
acter of this sedition, it may well be doubted 
whether there is not more need of the intervention 
of the judicial and executive departments—to 
which alone belong the trial and punishment of 
crimes—than of the legislative. 
But the subject is before Congress, and we are 
asked to compromise. And to compromise what? 
Not questions of financial, commercial, or indus- 
trial policy, but our convictions of moral recti- 
tude, onr love of liberty, our reverence for duty. 
This is what constitutes the grave character of the 
In matters of revenue, in 
issue now before us. 
matters of finance, in all matters of mere expedi- 
ency, concessions and compromises may safely 
enough be made; but I know of only one ruie of 
civil conduct when moral duties are necessarily 
brought into the field of political action, and that 
rule IS, to do right. To Ingraft upon the Consti- 
tution an express recogmtion of property in man, 
and to pledge the power of this Government un- 
alterably for the preservation and protection of 
that property in all the Federal Territories where 
slave labor can be.profitably employed, would be, 
in my judgment, a monstrous iniquity, abhorred 
of God, and deserving the execration of the civ- 
ilized world. 
T hc gentleman from Virginia [Mr. MILLSON] 
reprobates the phrase "property in man," 
and, 
in the next breath, claims to have won a victory 
by the decision in the -Dred Scott case, whose 
cardinal principle' is the recognition of this very 
I turn to the laws of his own 
"property in man." 
State; I find there thät a slave is a chattel per- 
sonal; a thing to be sold atauction, to be devised 
by will, to de;scend by inheritance, to be bought 
and sold, to be levied upon in execution; and I 
am asked to consent that Lhe Constitution of the 
United States shall be so changed—I will not say 
amended—ns to •o on unalterably forever, foster- 
ino•, nourishing, and protecting this svstem in 
Territories which , by the organic law ofa Span- 
ish Repubiic, were to be always free. Such is the 
proposition of the venerable Senator from Ken- 
lucky, substantially reproduced in the resolution 
suggested by the gentleman from Louisiana. Sir, 
I cannot accede to it. The authority of that Sen- 
ator is of no avaii in a question of this character; 
and nothing that has occurred since my associa- 
tion with Congress, has filled me with such pro- 
found regret, as this last act of his long, useful, 
and honorable public life. 
Why, sir, do gentlemen think that the freemen 
of the North are all knaves and hypocrites, as 
well as cowards? For six years have the sup- 
porters of Mr. Douglas been denouncing this idea 
of protection to slave property in the Territories. 
Because their leader deserts them, do you expect 
that they, too, will repudiate the principles which 
have •rown to be a part of their intellectual be- 
irry? For six years havo the supporters of Mr. 
Lincoln been strivincr to seeure those Territories 
from the pernicious influences of the system of 
bondage. They have been doing this because 
they thought it best for the whole country that 
such a result should be attained; best for the Ter- 
ritories, best for posterity; they have been doing 
this because they thought that the extension of 
siavery by the national authority would bring 
down the vencreance of Heaven upon a guilty land; 
because they saw that wherever the institution 
was most powerful, civil liberty, whose elements, 
as I have before said, are freedom of speech, free- 
dom of the press, and freedom of elections, could 
not exist. And in all this they have been ex- 
ceedingly in earnest. They have won a great 
victory; they hnvc elected-a President of like po- 
liticalfaith with themselves; and now you gravely 
ask them to turn their backs upon all their past 
professions, to rcnouuce the principles by whose 
u tterancc tbcy have obtained power, and to make 
themselves a mockery and a hissing to the whole 
civilized world, because thp defeated party threat- 
ens a rosort, to arins! When they comply with 
II that request, sir, the time will have come to level 
down Bunker's Hill. 
'I'he chairman of the select committee of this 
I House has reported a series of measures, the first 
of which is a joint resolution for an amendment 
to the Constitution, of a somewhat different char- 
I will read it, as reported: 
acter. 
ART. XII. No amendment of this Constitution having 
for its object any interf*rcnce within the States with the 
relation betwe•en their citizens and those described in sec- 
ti011 second of Lhc first article of the Constitution as all 
other persons 
shall ori"inate with a21Y' State that does not 
recognize that relation within its own limits, or shall be 
valid without the assent of every one of the States co:npos- 
ing the Union. 
Is it possible to listen to these words without a 
feeling that we are ashamed of what we are doing? 
Observe the circumlocution, the awkwardness of 
construction, the involutions of meaning. What 
is it all for? Sir, it is because you are putting 
slavery into the Constitution beyond what the 
fathers did. Do you say that they, too, described 
bondage by a circumlocution? I answer, they 
did no such thing. They intended that their Con- 
stitution should contain no Federal recognition of 
slavery; and they went directly to the accom- 
plishment of that intention by designating every 
human being in the land as a person. Why put 
