1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi. 
565 
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office 
and Post Roads of the Senate, and by that com- 
mittee reported back some two or three days ago, 
with a recommendation that it be adopted. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, of course, it is on 
a much later case than a great many others. There 
are a great many private claims here which were 
reported upon favorably some time ago, but upon 
which we have never acted; and I ask the Senator 
from Texas if he thinks it is quite fair thus to 
take recent cases out of their place to the preju- 
dice of those that have been long ready for con- 
sideration ? 
Mr. WIGFALL. - If it gives rise to debate, 1 
withdraw it. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose this case must 
be on the Calendar. I have not looked at the Cal- 
endar to ascertain; and, indeed, I know nothing 
about the case. I am making no opposition to 
it on its merits 5 but, in justicc to other claimants, 
I insist that we ought to proceed with the Calen- 
dar in order. I think that is fair to all claimants. 
Mr. GWIN. we cannot get io the Calendar 
until one o'clock. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. The Senator from cali- 
fornia says we cannot get to the Calendar until 
one o'clock. We are now in the morning hour, 
which is often devoted in part to such business. 
It is not usual to object to the consideration of 
such a joint resolution in the morning hour, and 
I do not see any reason why this resolution should 
be made an exception. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is on the Calendar, 
I object to making an exception, as this day has 
been assigned to private bills. 
I understand it is 
on the Calendar. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. But it can be discussed in 
the morning hour, and then the Calendar will 
come up. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we commence the cali- 
ing up of private cases in the morning hour, I sup- 
pose every Senator will try to get the floor to havc 
his particular case taken up. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Is there anything else to be 
done in the morning hour? If there is anything 
that it stands in the wav of— 
Mr. TRUMBULL, Let me if it would 
be in order to move to proceed to the considcra- 
tion of the Private Calendar at this hour? If it 
would, I make that motion, that we proceed to 
the consideration of the Private Calendar. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion of 
the Chair is, that no motion of that kind can take 
precedence of a motion to take up this joint res- 
olution until one o'clock. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 object to this mode of 
proceeding. I have had billé on the Private Cal- 
endar during the session which I had a desire to 
bring up, but I refrained from doing so because I 
thought it should •take its course; and other gen- 
tlemen have done the same. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 withdraw my motion. 
PRIVATE CALENDAR. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 renew mv motion, un- 
less there be other morning business, that we 
proceed at once to the consideration of the Private 
Calendar. 
Mr. LANE. I believe the unfinished business, 
or the business that has precedence, if I recollect 
aright, is the bill reported from the Committee on 
Military Affairs the other morning, for the relief 
of Dr. McCormick. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is on the Private 
Calendar. 
Mr. LANE.. It was being considered when the 
hour for the special order arrived some days ago, 
If taken up now, it can 
and it was passed over. 
be disposed of before one o'clock. I think it will 
not take fivc minutes. The committee were unan- 
imous in the opinion that the bill ought to pass. 
They directed it to be reported with a recom- 
mendation that it do pass; and I trust there will 
be no objection to its being taken up, for it can be 
passed in two minutes; and then we can proceed 
with the Calendar. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose the bill referred 
to by the Senator from Oregon is on the Calendar, 
know noth- 
and we shall reach it in its order. 
ing of the bill. 
Mr. LANE. How are we to get at the Privaie 
Calendar before one o'clock? 
Mr. HALE. The Senate can take it up 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 my motion, 
that we proceed at once to the consideration of the 
Private Calendar. 
Mr. LANE. If the Senate choose to take up 
the Private Calendar now, I -will withdraw my 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Oregon can insist on his motion, if it is his 
pleasure so to do. The bill he refers to is unfin- 
Ished business of the moroning hour; but as he 
withdraws that question now before 
the Senate is, " Shall the Private Calendar be 
taken up at this time?" 
The motion was agreed to. 
ROBERT STOCKTON. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senate 
that thcrc are sundry bills and joint resolutions 
upon the table which have had their third read- 
ing, and the question now is upon their passage. 
The first is the joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) 
directing the accounting offcers of the Treasury 
to settle the accounts of the late Robert Stockton, 
quartermaster, On the 19th of June, 1860, it 
was read the third time, and postponed. The 
question now is upon its passage. 
The joint resolution directs the proper account- 
ing offcers of the Treasury Department to settle 
the accounts of the late Robert Stockton, of New 
Jersey, an assistant quartermaster and forage- 
master in the war of the Revolution, and pay to 
his legal heirs and representatives such sum as 
may be shown due upon suffcient proof of his 
service as quartermaster, and for damages done 
his property by the American Army. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. At the last session of con- 
gress that resolution was amended by the Seriate, 
striking out an allowancc for certain property that 
had been destroyed, which the. heirs of this oflicer 
claimed to be satisfied for. The resolution was 
put upon its final passage thus amended, simply 
providing for the settlement of the accounts of 
this officer. 
It seems that very recently, amon"' 
his papers in the garret of his former residence, 
there were some accounts found showing, as the 
committee that reported the bill supposed, somc 
few thousand dollars, perhaps not exceeding 
three or four thousand dollars, due to him from 
tho Government. The claim was not presented 
in consequence of these papers never having been 
discovered by his family until a late period. The 
resolution, as said, was put upon Its final pas- 
sage; and it was discovered upon the call of thc 
yeas and nays that there was not a quorum pres- 
ent; but of the Senators voting for that resolution 
a large majority were in favor of its passage, and 
it would liave passed had there been a quorum 
present. The Senator from New York [Mr. 
KING] interposed some objcctions to the resolu- 
tion, and upon his motion it was amended; and 
I then understood his objections were waived. 
Mr. KING. I remember thc case as it was 
presented last year; and in its present shape I 
certainly think the resolution ought to pass. The 
amendments were adopted, I think. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir. 
The joint resolution was passed 
JOHN ERICCSON. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S. 
No. 132) from the Court of Claims, for the relief 
of John Ericcson, was, on the 4th of May, 1860, 
read the third time, and the question now is upon 
its passage. 
Mr. HALE. This bill has been heretofore 
before the Senate, and the papers in the case are 
I 
very voluminous. I hold them in my hand. 
examined them once, and I was satisfied that the 
bill ought not to pass; and I submitted my views 
to the Senate, and the honorablc Senator from 
Louisiana [Mr. SLIDELL] also had something to 
say upon it; and •upon that the matter was post- 
poned. I am perfectly satisfied the bill ought not 
to pass, and •I wish it to go over until I can have 
time to examine the papers. I move to postpone 
its consideration. 
The motion was agreed to. 
O. 11. BERRYMAN. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S. 
No. 205) from the Court of Claims, for the relief 
of O. H. Berryman and others, was, on the 4th 
of May, 1860, read the third time, and the qucs- 
i tion now is on its passage. 
It directs the Sedrétary Of thc 
to Otway:H. Berryman, andthé0t-héF åhd 
crew of the United States schooner Onkahye; 
$20,664 69, being the balance of the prizemöney 
obtained by the Capture of they bark LauFehS by 
that schooner in 1848; the money to be distrib- 
uted among the offcers and crew in such- propor- 
tion as shall be designated by the bf Élae 
Navy, according to the provisions of the sixth 
section of the act of April 23, 1800, entitled An 
act for the government of the Navy of the United 
States. 
Mr. SLIDELL.- Let us hear the reportin that 
case. 
The SECRETARY. On the 1st of February, -1858, 
Mr. POLK made the following adverse report—— 
Mr. POLK. There is an adverse report in that 
case. Is that•the last report ? 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move that the bill be 
poned indefinitely. 
Mr. POLK. that adverse report is the last 
report, I think the best way is to concur in it. 
Mr. GRIMES. Any way to get rid of 
do not want to hear that long report read. 
Mr. POLK. will say to Senators that I rec- 
ollect investigating the claim two or three years 
ago, when I was upon the Committee on Claims; 
and.l was satisfied that it was one which Congress 
ought not to pass. 
I move, therefore, that the 
bill be indefinitely postponed; or perhaps it would 
be better to concur in the adverse report. 
Mr. HALE. That would be better. 
Mr. POLK. Then 1 move that the adverse 
rc ort be concurred in. 
{'Ir. IVERSON. I will suggest to the Senator 
that perhaps this report of the committee may not 
be the report to which he refers. There an 
impression on my mind that the Committee on 
Claims, since the Senator from Missouri was a 
member of the committee* have probably made 
a favorable report; and if that report be concurréd 
in, of course the bill will be passed, and the Sen- 
ator will not accomplish his object. 
Mr. POLK. asked if that 
was the last report; and understood it wag. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There was no 
response to the Senator's inquiry from the Clerk 's 
desk. The Chair, however, understands that the 
report which the Clerk was about •to read is the 
last report. The question is on the motion of the 
Senator from Missouri, to concur in the report of 
the Committee on Claims. 
Mr. HALE. Before that question is taken, I 
wish that the conclusion to which the committee 
camc may be road by tho Secretary. do not 
ask that the whole report be read. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
The committee, after a careful consideration of the cage, 
concur substantially in the opinion delivered by Mr. Jus- 
Liec Blackford, that thc clai:nants have no right against the 
Government, and they reccnnmend that the bill fbr the re- 
lie( ot• O. I-I. Berryman and otherS do not pass. 'I'hc opinion 
ofJ udge Blacktörd is hereto annexed as part of this report." 
Mr. HALE. Then the question will be, " Shäll 
the bill ass?" 
The BRESIDING OFFICER. That is the 
question, unless there be some special motion. 
Mr. HALE. Let it be ut. 
The PRESIDING OFFFCER. The question 
is on thc passage of the bill. 
The bill •was rejected. 
SAMUEL V. NILES. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S. 
No. 94) for the relief of Samuel V. Niles was, on 
the 4th of May, 1860, read the third time; and 
the question now is on its passage. 
The Secretary read the bill, which directs the 
Secretary of the Treasury to cause to be paid to 
Samuel V, Niles $360, for services as a temporary 
clerk in the General Land Offce in 1849 and 1850. 
Mr. KING. Is there a report in that case? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 see by the Calendar that 
that bill was postponed. 
The Secretary read the report; from which it 
appears that the claim is for ninety days' services 
as a clerk in the General Land Offce, from March 
9, 1849, to June 30, 1850, being the number of 
Sundays between thosc periods, at four dollars 
per diem, amounting to $360. Mr. Niles appcarg 
to have been appointed a temporary clerk •m the 
General Land Offce on the 9th of March, 1849, 
under the provisions of the act of August 26, 1842, 
no extfa- cldrk,'for copy- 
l,vhich provides that 
ing, shall receive more than thHce dollars per day, 
