to this bill; but Ido not-want to introduce a new 
principle here. If-it is by the law of nations, or 
by public law, the duty of the Government to 
protect private property of its minister, I am 
willing to go to that extent in this case. I under- 
stand the chairman of the Committee on Foreign 
Relations not to affrm that to be the case. But, 
sir, it will lead to another thing. Is not the Gov- 
ernment bound to protect all its citizens, just ex- 
actly as much as it is bound to protect its public 
ministers and their property? There were min- 
isters of the Gospel there. This was a minister 
plenipotentiary. Can there be a discrimination 
made between ministers plenipotentiary and min- 
isters of the Gospel, between ministers of State 
ånd ministers of religion? If thiS sum is due this 
gentleman now, according to the practice of the 
Government, I am willing to pay it; but if it is 
not, I am not willing. 
I do not want anew prin- 
ciple in this Government nor an invidious distinc- 
tion introduced. 
I will state further: I remember that within a 
year or two-—I do not Mow but it was a year 
wo—a very keen and very int0rcsting discussion 
occurred here between the venerable Senator from 
Rhode Island [Mr. SIMMONS] and a Senator from 
Georgia, not now on the floor, [Mr. TOOMBS,} in 
relation to this subiect of exchanges. 
I do not 
remember what the facts elicited at that time were; 
but I know there was a good deal of discussion 
as to what the duty of Government to its foreign 
ministers was in relation to this very question of 
exchange; whether they were obli«yed to meet all 
that loss, or whether a portion or any part of it 
should fall upon the minister; and whether that 
was taken into consideration in paying him his 
salary. The venerable Senator from Rhode Island 
—of course I give way when he gets up, and shall 
be glad to hear him on the subject. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 was paying no attention 
to this subject; but I will state that there wras a 
report made by the Secretary of the Treasury, 
Mr. Guthrie, some five or six years ao•o, making 
bitter complaints in relation to this enormous 
charge for exchanges; and, when on another sub- 
iect at one time, ventured to allude to the ex- 
change paid to ministers, and consuls at China, 
which was about two fifths. They could invest 
their money at three dollars for the Dound ster- 
ling, and I suppose do so to-day. 'I'le last time 
I saw a quotation, it was at six and seven. That 
was within a penny of what it was then. I never 
believed they were entitled to it; but there was a 
Senator sitting near me then who had a particular 
friend in China, and whose salary, I understood 
afterwards, was promised to be raised, but the' 
did not raise it, and he concluded to hold on to 
this exchangc to make the salary good. That is 
ait, as far as that subject went. 
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from 
Rhode Island says he was not in his place, and 
does not know exactly the, position in which the i 
question of exchange has presented itself; and if 
I may be allowed a pnoment or two, I will state I 
it to him. This is a bill to remunerate the min- 
istcr at Nicaragua for exchange on London. He 
was paid some $14,000 in drafts, and I think the 
bill proposes to pay him between two and three 
thousand dollars for exchange. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two thousand 
dred dollars. 
Mr. HALE. Two thousand ninc hundred 
exchange on $14,000 of drafts on 
London. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Did hc draw the drafts for 
his pay on London? That is very strange, that 
he should- go to London to get his pay, when he 
I would not pay it— 
was so much nearer home. 
that is all I can say. 
1861. 
as that, and I am glad of it; but therc is no such ill state in regard to the item for':löss of property: 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
557 
Mr. HALE. 1 take issue there. 
Mr. GREEN. They would -pay forthat. What 
respect will be shown to any of your foreign min- 
isters if, by revolutionary action, or governmenüxl 
I action, you permit their -houses to be pillaged at 
pleasure? What sort of a Government will we 
be, and what sort of representatives can we have, 
subject to be imposed upon, insulted, and pil- 
laged at the pleasure of any Government? If 
that Government receives your minister, that Gov- 
ernment receives your minister under the guaran- 
tees of international law, and the minister's house 
is to be sacred. If the Government does wrong, 
our Government must hold it to a proper account- 
ability and responsibility; and if it fails to do it, 
it must still protect the minister, and make good 
what it failed to exact from the other Government. 
I On the other point about this exchange: that 
has been settled. The Attorney General gave an 
opinion upon that not long since; and the Gov- 
ernment has been acting upon it all the time. 
MT hen a minister goes abroad, the insteuctions 
generally say to him, " You may draw on the Sec- 
rotary of' State for your quarter's salary, or you 
rnay draw on London," or some place where the 
Secretary of State has made arrangements to meet 
these drafts. If you get a prerfiium, you have to 
pay it into the 'Treasury; if you sustain a loss, 
the Treasury is to make it up to you. This is the 
uniform practice of the Government; and if you 
will go to the accounts of i\'h•. Robert C. Schenck, 
from Brazil, you will find that he sustained a heavy 
discount, and that the Government made it up to 
Mr. HALE. And a great deal more besides. 
IVIr. GREEN. That was on adifferentaccount; 
for a new mission up the Paraguay. I understand 
It depends upon the instructions of the 
Secretary of State as to the point where a minis- 
ter but wherever he sustains a loss the 
Government always makes it up. If he gets a 
oremium, the Govcrnmcnt always deducts that 
premium. II is equitable, it is fair, and it is just. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1 am obliged to 
the Senator from Missouri for the information he 
gives me; but I am not convinced. 
I do not un- 
derstand the principle of public law to be what 
he states it to be. He says that the flag protects 
the minister's house just as much as if it was in 
the city of Washington. am not going to con- 
trovert that; but I deny utterly the other posi- 
tion: that the Government is bound to protect the 
property of its citizens in the city of Washington 
or anywhere else, when it is destroyed by a pub- 
lic enemy. The only principle that this Govern- 
ment has ever acted on upon that point sincc I 
have been a member of this body is this: that 
where property is destroyed because of, or on 
account of, its usc by the forces of the country, 
then it shall be paid fbr. For instance: if the 
army goes and takes possession of a man 's dwell- 
ing-house, and soldiers are quartered in it, or mu- 
nitions of •,var are deposited there, and in conse- 
qucnee of such occupation of it the cncmy destroy 
it, then the Government pays for it. That is 
just as far as they ever have gone• and I think 
that the citizens of northwestern New York who 
lived at Buffalo, and a great many other places on 
the northwestern frontier, during the last war with 
Great Britain, know very well that that is the 
extent to which the Government has gone. 
Mr, GREEN. Let me ask the Senator a ques- 
tion. 
Mr. HALE. Certainly. 
Mr. GREEN. Was this a public oncmy of the 
United States? Was it at x..var with the United 
States? Was Nicara«nÄa at war with the United 
States? I ask further if the city of Baltimore tears 
down the housc of Mr. Revcrdy Johnson, is not 
that corporation bound to pay for it, and has it 
Mr. GREEN. There no one single 
not done it? 
ple of international law more firmly and expli- 
Mr. HALE. 1 will tell you. If the 
citly fixed and understood than this: that the 
domicile of the minister constitutes by relation a i ture of Maryland passes a law requiring them to 
part of the domain of the nation from which he do it, thcyare bound; butifthcrc isno such statute 
It necessarily results that thcrc is an im- I as that, they are not bound. I tried to get Con- 
hails. 
munity; and the mere fact that there is a flag-staff, gress to recognize t.hat doctrine, by a bill which 
reading, föt• ihe purpose of offering an amendment. 
cept the local-law-s adopted by 
the States. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the sen-_ 
ator allow me to refer to a precedent not unlike 
this ? 
Mr. HALE. Certainly.. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Some years ago, citizens* 
of New Orleans destroyed. the. property Of; the 
Spanish consul and some other Spamsh subjecte 
residing there. This Government -made redress 
to Spain, paid for all the property destroyed. 
In the case now before .us, which was no_t- very 
unlike that, there was a civil war prevailing in 
Nicaragua. That country was not at war with the 
United States. If Nicaragua had been at war with 
the United States, the case would have been like 
that which the Senator cites as having occurred 
during the war with Great Britain on the Canada 
side; but there was no war with Nicaragua; and 
nevertheless, this injury was sustained by anu 
American citizen. We had good cause Qf com-. 
pkaint against that Government; but having failed;. 
to obtain redress from it, -I think it is now -.our. 
duty to make compensation. 
I know it has been 
done in some cases during my time in Congress. 
Where we have had a claim against a foreign Gov= 
ernment for an accidental or other injury to our 
citizens, and have demanded redress, we have:in 
some instances paid the claims ourselves.- •I think, 
perhaps, the case of the brig General Armstrong 
was not unlike it, where we had a claim against 
Portugal; and because we lost it, as was alleged, 
by reason of the reference of it to the French Em- 
peror, this Government was called upon and did 
pay a considerable bill. 
L" Oh, no P') 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It went to the Court of 
Claims, and the court said they had-no claim.at all. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. That at least illustrates 
this distinction. It was there contended that, as 
the Government had acted honestly and fairly, 
and endeavored to get the money in that case, it 
was not bound to do anything more. 
It had the 
claim arbitrated, and the decision was against us; 
and that, it was said, released us. That was the 
ground, I know, on which it was resisted'by my- 
self and others. There is no such state of facts 
here. The case simply is, that, in the civil wars 
in Nicaraøua, the property of our minister was de- 
stroycd by those who were in fact acting under the 
authority of the Government. If Nicaragua had 
been at war with the United States, and we had 
been.at war with her, and property had been de- 
stroyed, the principle would apply which says, 
that when thc Government has gone to war and 
done ali it can to protect the citizen and failed, it 
will not make redress; but nothing of •the sort 
occurred; there was not a war between the Uni- 
ted Statcsand Nicaragua ; and therefore this stands 
on the same footing With the case that I ref,erred 
to at New ()rlcans, where citizens destroyed the 
property of the Spanish consul, and we' made 
compensation. 
I think this is an equitable claim. 
Mr. HALE. If the Government of Spain had 
made remuncration, it would be analogous to this 
case; but as it was not Spain, but this Govern- 
mcnt, that made it on a principle of comity, feeling 
bound in honor to do it, it is exactly different from 
If this were an appeal made by the 
this case. 
honorable Senator to the Government of Nica- 
ragua, the casc hc cites would bé a casc in point 
exactly. But, sir, i do not want to dis_c.uss the 
question any longer, and I am not going to do so. 
i move to strue out this clause, leaving it as a. 
matter of future consideration, and then he can 
have his exchange. and everything else, so far as 
I am concerned; and, if it shall turn out that this 
clause can be sustained on principle and prece- 
dent, I will go for it; otherwise, not. I move to 
strike out that part of the bill providing for prop 
erty destroycd. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill being 
on its passage, the Senator must move to recon- 
sider the vote ordering it to a third reading, before 
an amendment can be entertained. 
Mr. HALE. Then I move to reconsider the 
vote ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third 
I introduced into the Senate years ago; and I tried 
and a flag, with the stars and stripes floating from 
the whole session, but could not get the Senate to 
it, makes it a part of the United States; and it is , 
as much the duty of' the United States to protect consider it. That is nota principle of national law, 
the property thus situated as if it were in the city il it is not a principle of public law, nor of the com- 
mon law, nor ofany other law, except tbe.particu- 
of 
Mr. HALE. But they would not pay for it if lap local statute. Maryland has made such a law 
the public enemy destroyÖd it. 
principle of public law, or of any other law, ex 
Mr. GREEN. They would pay for it. 
Mr.-MASON. The object of -the Senator, 1 
understand, is to strike from the bill so muCh as 
allows compensation for the loss of property. 
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. 
II Mr. MASON. The committee, in their report; 
" third item should also be aliowed; (Or it i* Qbvi• 
