558 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 25, 
ously theduty of Government to protect its public offcers 
engaged in its service in the fu" and unrestrained enjoy- 
ment of all'; their personat and property rights, at least 
against all acts of' public törce, while so engaged; and on 
failure to do so, to make good any losses he may have sus- 
The Senator asks if there is any principle of 
public law which devolves upon this Government 
the duty of that payment. I suppose he means, 
by public law, the law of nations. Welli the law 
of nations is no written law at all. There are no 
statutes passed byr nations to regulate tb.eir inter- 
course. The law of nations consists of nothing 
but the usaoes that have grown up between na- 
tions in then• international intercourse, which, by 
comity, from the intercourse among civilized na- 
tions, is caned law. The position of a foreign 
minister in the Government to which he is ac- 
credited is a position recognized by the public law, 
or law of nations, and Ins privileges and immu- 
nities, which are very great, are accorded to him 
by this public law, as it is called; but the relations 
which subsist between him and his Government 
I doubt 
are not regulated by public law at all. 
not that the public law and the municipal law of 
the nation to which the minister is accredited, if 
it is a civilized nation and capable of making its 
authority respected, would remunerate any min- 
ister who had his property destroyed, or his per- 
son injured, by a force greater than the Govern- 
ment could overcome—far molie if he had incurred 
those losses by any act of the Government, in a 
revolutionary or insurgent condition, to which he 
was accredited. But the relations between him- 
self and his own Government are not regulated 
by any public law; and the committee did not put 
it upon that ground; but the committee placed it 
upon the ground of policy and public justice, as 
a duty which, in then• judgment, devolved upon 
the Government sending a minister abroad, and 
subjecting him to the incidents that pertain to a 
foreign residence when he is under the immediate 
protection of his Government. The committee 
considered that there is a duty devolving upon the 
Govcrnmcnt to protect their minister: first, be- 
cause he is a public functionary; and secondly, 
because that public functionary is sent by the act 
of the Government, under the protection o? the 
Government, and subjected to the perils of his 
mission. My own judgment is very clear, that 
when it is shown that he sustained these losses by 
insurrection, or by Government power, or by a 
revolution which the Governmeht was not able to 
quell, although this Government would have a 
reclamation against the Government, 
yet the duty devolves immediately on this Gov- 
ernment to make the loss good. That was the 
belief of the committee when they reported the 
Then, ag to the next item—the claim for the loss 
of exchange: therc is a report made by the ac- 
counting officer, Murray McConnell, the Fifth 
Auditor, which places it upon its true ground. 
The Fifth Auditor states what is the universal 
)ractice of the Governmcnt; never doubted, that 
I know of. The Government engages to pay the 
minister his salary in the country to which I-re is 
t.hat is to say, the salary of this minister 
sent; 
probably was do not remember its 
amount, but the law provided the salary—and the 
Government undertook, of course, to pay him 
that $7,000 a year in the country where he was. 
Mr. HALÉ. Understand, I do not object to 
Mr. MASON. Other Senators, I think, did 
0b •ect. 
JMr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Vir- 
ginia will allow me to ask him a question right 
there. Why the necessity of coming to Congress, 
if that is the practice of the Department ? 
Mr. MASON. I will show the Senator, from 
the reportoftheAuditor,the necessity for it. That 
has been the uniform practice of the Government, 
nevcr departed from. The Government thus un- 
dertook to pay this gentleman 's salary—say $7 ,000 
—in Nicaragua. The Auditor, in speaking of why 
it was not allowed, says that— 
The Government was bound to pay Mr. Wheeler, in 
Nicaragua, one hundred cents to the dollar, United States 
coin ; but as tbe Government sent no money to Nicara«rua to 
pay his salary and expenses, he was forced to sell his drafts 
there, and take such money and at suet' price as he could 
If he had refused to take eight United States dimes 
get. 
EO Ibe dollar, he would have been forced to take a Nieu- 
raguan dollar, which would only have been Worth seventy- 
Bix cents ; and thus his loss wou}d haye been twenty-four 
ceRts to ciie doilar." 
The Auditor goes on to say: 
Mr. Wheeler was authorized to draw • upon Baring 
Brothers,' of London, for his salary, and, of course, to get 
his money, he was forced to sell his drafts in Nicaragua for 
the highest price he could get. Those drafts were nomi- 
nally wortli par in that-country, and were not selling at a 
discount; but to enable him to sell his drafts at par, he was 
tOrced to take the currency of that country also at par. 
This currency was composed of two kinds : one kind was 
a coin passing currently in Nicaragua caned adonar, which 
contained thirty-three per cent. alloy and sixty-seven per 
cent. of pure silver, compared with the United States coin ; 
and consequently a dollar oc that currency was only worth, 
commercially, seventy-six cents. The other currency of 
that country consisted of United States ten cent pieces, 
eight of which was of greater intrinsic vatue than a local 
dollar of that country ; and thus, by common consént, eight 
It appeared that 
United States dimes passed (Or a dollar. 
Mr. Wheeler sold his drafts at par; but to do so, was forced 
to and did take eight dimes, or eighty cents United States 
coin, for each dollar of his drafts, thus losing, upon each 
dollar drawn for, twenty cents." 
The Auditor goes on to say, admitting the duty 
of the Govermnent to pay a hundred cents for 
each dollar of the minister's salary in Nicaragua, 
when he was allowed to draw on Baring Brothers, 
if he sold his drafts at par, as he did, but was 
obliged to take in payment the local currency, 
which was only seventy-six cents in the dollar, 
if he took the dollar of Nicaragua, or eighty cents 
in the dollar if he 'took the United States dimes, 
he was forced to do so; and the Government hav- 
ing failed to send money there, the Auditor says 
that, according to the usage of the Department, 
they treated that as a loss of exchange, and where 
he sold his drafts upon London, they allowed it. 
But it is further shown in the report that, during 
the first year, " the drafts of Mr. Wheeler were 
drawn on Messrs. Baring Brothers, of London; 
and subsequently, by instructions of the State 
Department, the place of payment was made at 
the Treasury Department; and then Mr. Wheeler 
drew upon the United States," and he suffered no 
loss of exchange; but he suffered exactly the loss 
which he had suffered when he drew upon Lon- 
don, to wit: that he was obliged to take eighty 
cents on the dollar. The Auditor, however, upon 
thb strict technicalities of his office, says thus he 
was allowed twenty per cent. loss of exchange on 
all his drafts sold in that country, (Nicaragua,) 
but on all his drafts drawn and sold on the Uni- 
ted States he was not allowed any loss. 
sulted the same way to Mr. Wheeler, that he lost 
twenty cents on the dollar, not as exchange, but 
because of the condition of the currency of the 
country to which he was accredited, and the fail- 
ure of the United States to do what the United 
Stnt.es always undertake to do—to pay the money 
to the minister in the country to which he is 
accredited . 
I will not detain the Senate longer; and I trust, 
the motion being to strike out the payment for 
the loss of his property, that the report of the 
committee will be sustained as to the duty of the 
United States to make that loss good. The 
United States can reclaim it again, if they think 
proper, from the Government of Nicaragua. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on reconsidering the vote by which the bill was 
ordered to a third reading. 
The question being put, there were, on a di- 
vision—ayes 16, noes 14; no quorum voting. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think there is a quorum 
here, and I hope we shall have a recount, as many 
'l'he motion is only to 
Senators did not vote. 
reconsider for the purpose of offering an amend- 
mcnt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Another count 
is called for, and the Chair will again put the 
question. 
The motion to reconsider was agreed to—ayes 
19, noes 17. 
Mr. HALE. Now I move to amend by striking 
out the item of $2,000 for loss of property; and I 
will state, in about a minute and a half, the reason 
I agree entirely with the Senator 
why I do it. 
from Virginia, that tho Government are bound to 
protect their ministers, and bound to protect their 
property; but I cro further than that, and say, 
they are equally i)ound to protect every citizen 
that is there on lawful business, just exactly as 
much as they are the minister; and if you sanc- 
tion this principle of paying for the property of a 
minister destroyed by a mob or an army, i say 
it is utterly impossible to put your finger on any 
ground that will deter you from niaking the same 
I compensation to a citizen when he is there pur- 
II suing lawful commerce. The Government are 
bound to protect them alike; and -I think this will 
be introducing a novel principle, and it is for that 
reason that i move to strike It out. am willing 
that the rest shall be paid; and if, at any subse- 
quent time, it can be shown that there is any prin- 
ciple of public law sanctioning it— 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is, and there is a 
distinction. 
Mr. HALE. I wish Senators would show 
wherein -I am wrong. 
Mr. lmerelysay this: if we 
send a man abroad, aid accredit him to a for- 
eign Government, he is our agent, on our business, 
and maintains a very peculiar relation to us; and 
I think we are bound to see that he'is protected 
do not know in 
in all his rights as our agent. 
regard to this particular case; and I am only speak- 
ing of the distinction in point of principle. If, on 
the contrary, one of our citizens goes abroad upon 
his own business, and establishes himself, he 
takes, I suppose, common luck with other people 
who are about him, and can expect no better than 
they have. He subjects himself to 
foreign laws, and he is no better off than a citizen 
of the place where he is; not more particularly 
entitled to our protection, if he chooses to put him- 
self outside of it. have never agreed to that; but 
with regard to our minister, I think he stands on 
an entirely different footing. How far, under the 
obligations of national law, we are compelled to 
sustain him because he is our minist.er, is a dif- 
ferent question; but I think there is a manifest 
difference between the two cases. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment of the Senator from New 
Hampshire, to strike out, in lines eight and nine, 
the words " for property destroyed at Granada." 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it not be necessary 
and insert " three 
to strike out " five thousand," 
thousand 
Mr. MASON. That should be part of the 
amendment. The amount is #5,715 20; and the 
proposition of the Senator should include a motion 
to strike out " five," and insert " three." 
IVIu•. HALE. very well. 
Mr. MASON. lhope it will not be done. 
Mr. HALE. I hope it will. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from New Hatnpshire modify his amendment 
as suggested by the Senator from Virginia? 
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. am inclined to think, 
upon reflection, •that, assuming the bona fides of 
this, it is a fair transaction, and I have no right 
I suppose that the Committee on 
to impeach it. 
mreign Relations have examined into the ques- 
tion; and I am inclined to think it would be proper 
to pay for the destruction of that property. 
Several SENATORS. He came home. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. His coming home did not 
alter it at all, because he was called home tempo- 
rarily, and then was superseded in some way. 
Mr. MASON. The Senatorwill allow me. He 
was called buck for consultation as to the con- 
dition of that country. Everybody knows its 
unsettled condition. While he was here the minis- 
ter, the country continued in that unsettled con- 
dition, and there was, in fact, no Government, and 
the President thought it best to discontinue the 
mission. He was herc four or five months. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. That does not alter the 
fact at all. 
Mr. MASON. Certainly not. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. he sup- 
posed, temporarily, and not with a view to leave 
the country, and left his property there; and if 
I that was destroyed, I think it ought to be paid for 
by somebody; and although we certainly have a 
claim upon that Government for it, it is pretty 
hard, perhaps, to turn the individual overto that 
Government. 
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 do not know 
that I understand distinctly the character of the 
present amendment; but, as I understand it, I 
confess that 1 have some doubts in regard to it. 
The proposition is to strike out $2,000," which 
it is proposed in the bill to allow to Mr. Wheeler, 
for property destroyed in Nicaragua while he was 
the American minister there. 'Iihe inclination of 
my mind is—though the subject is one which I 
have not referred to for some time, and I do npt 
-.—that there 
speak upon it with perfect confidence 
is a broad distinction between the duty of a Gov- 
ernment, as regards the protection which it owes 
