1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
559 
to its minister or agent resident in a foreign coun- 
try, and to the citizen who goes there of his own 
volition. 
The duty of protection to the minister, it seems 
to me, is absolute in all cases. He is there repre- 
senting- the sovereignty of his country. He is 
there as your agent. The insult is to the nation; 
the wrong is to the nation. It is just cause of war 
if. Alis property is despoiled in a foreign country 
while hc is nunister. His person is protected by 
all nations, under general principles of interna- 
tional law. He is exeml*ed even from the con- 
sequences of crime committed in a foreign juris- 
diction as personal to himself, because he stands 
as the representative of the country; and surely, 
standing in that relation, he is entitled to the full 
measure of protection. 
In one sense, you tnay 
say that it is his own volition that hc is there; but 
it is at vour command, and as your aoent that he 
goes. There must be greater sanctity, therefore, 
in this relation, and a greater obligation in the 
Government to protect the minister while there on 
its own account, on account of the dignity and 
character of the nation, than it can possibly owe 
to every citizen that goes abroad merely on his 
own volition, for the transaction of his own pri- 
vate business. The duty of Ibe Government is 
to protect him abroad; to enforce, his rights, no 
doubt; but that duty cannot go to the extent of I 
involving the country in war, or, at all hazards, 
redressing him, if the Government is unable to 
obtain redress from the Government which inflicts 
the injury. But, as regards the public Illinister, 
I think it is. That is my present impression. 
I 
speak not with certainty. think that the usages 
of natiohs, that the precedents of nations, woåtd 
show that in alk cases where a foreicyn minister I 
representing his Government in another country, 
has his property despoiled in that country, you 
have the undoubted ri(rhtofreclamation upon that 
Government; for his person and his property ought 
to be sacred in their eycs. They are bound to 
protect him, because he stands there as the rep- 
resentative of the United States of America; 
sovereignty is represented in his person; and if I 
that be so, then, it seems to me, you unquestion- 
ably, in an cases of that kind , ought to remunerate 
your minister, and look to the föreicn country for 
redress; because, when hc is there, in his person 
you are there. 
I may be mis- 
That is the view I take of it. 
taken; but I tl'iinlc that is the general principle of 
law as applied to the usages of nations. 
therefore, disposed to vote acainst a motion to 
strike out that part of the bill; but f confess that 
there are parts of this bill w.hicll strike me with 
surprise, although the evidence may be all cor- 
am unable to understan(l on what prin- 
rect. 
ciple it. could be, if the currency of Nicaratyua was 
so depreciated as to occasion a loss to t.hc party 
there, eight dimes passing fora dollar, that a bill 
of the United States minister on Bt.u•ing Brothers 
cannot understand 
would not sell above par. 
it seems to me the depreciation of the 
it. 
rency there would necessarily cause thc bill to 
command a premium when it was drawn upon a 
I can- I' 
country where the currency was higher. 
not understand the transaction, though it appears 
that the testimony certifies the fact; but it is con- 
trary to all the ordinary results in such cases. 
The amendment was rejected; there bein'r on a 
division—ayes 15, noes 
The bill was ordered to be for a third 
reading, and was read the third tilYIQ. 
Anderson , late acting chargé d 'affaires of the Uni- 
ted States at Paris, $1,657 6(), the amount of the 
between the salary received by him as 
secretary of legation at Paris, from April 1 to 
November 29, 1837, and that ailowed to a chargé 
d 'affaires. 
Mr. HALE. That is outlawed. It is twenty- 
three years old. Read thc report. 
The Secretary read the report, from which it 
appears that Mr. Anderson was appointed secre- 
tar y of tbc legation of the United States at Paris 
in 1836, under General Cass, our minister at that 
Court; that in March, 1837, on the departure of 
the minister for the Mediterranean and the Holy 
Land, hc was presented to the Court of Louis 
Philippe, as chargé d 'affaircs of the United StateS 
ad interim, and that from that time till the return of 
General Cass to his post, a period of eight. or ninc 
months, the entire duties, responsi bilities, and 
expenses of Ahe legation devolved upon him. 
These statements of the memorial are substan- 
tially sustained by a letter from the Secretary of 
State, dated February 20, 1855, which says: 
appears from the records and files of this Depart- 
mcnt that Mr. Anderson acted as chargé d 'affaires 
of the United States at Paris, from the. 1st of April 
until the 29th of November, 1837." 
Regard 
this claim as being fully within the principle kiere- 
tofore established in similar cases, the Committee 
on Foreign Relations reported a bill for the relief 
of the clai:nant. 
Mr. HALL'. Will chairman tell us when 
this claim was first presented ? It is twenty-three 
years old. 
Mr. MASON. It was presented within the 
last three or four years, according to my recol- 
lection. But will teli the Senator the reason 
why it was not presented before. do not know 
the gentleman who is the claimant at all. He is 
a geiltleman in New York, I think; but it was 
made known to me by his friends, tl'iat durincr 
the timc hc ',vas rcpresentino• our country abroad, 
and for many years afterwards, he was {i man in 
very affluent circun•lstances, wh ich subsequent 
misfortunes of one kind or another changed, and 
reduced him almost to destitution; at)d knowing, 
as I am informed by his friends, that this allow- 
ance was always made, hc made the claim. 
Mr. HALE. I do not know whether it is worth 
while to oppose this bill. The facts, as I under- 
stand, arc something like these: twenty-three or 
twenty-four years acro, General Cass •wras the 
minister of this country to the Government of 
France. Some of our national vessels wore there, 
and the General took a pleasure-trip in tbc Med- 
i terrancan. 
It was highly proper, and I do not 
want to be understood as throwincr any censure 
upon that. 
But, probably as a matter of favor to 
his secretary, hc let him play minister while he 
wras on his tour. That. is the whole of it, sir. 
After the thing had slumbered over t'.venty years, 
or twoi')t.y years at least, it wag found out that 
there has been a practice of fraying clüi1Y1s of this 
If 
sort; but that practice has not been uniform. 
I have understood the action of the Government 
the Goverrlrnent have set 
faccs 
latterly, 
acyainst clanns of this sort. Why, sir, there is 
upon your Calendar a bill of a similar character 
to compensate your Secretary of the Senate, Mr. 
Dickens, for services of precisely similar charac- 
tcr, and thcu•e is a report of thc Court, of Claims 
but the Government have refused 
in favor of it; 
I do not mean while he was forei(rn 
to pay it. 
minister; but while hc was clerk in the office of 
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays onc of the Departments, he discharged the duties 
by recent ;statUte.'- The -secretary of legation-wag 
allowed a salary of- $2,000; the- charge d 'affai+es, 
was allowed a salary of $4,000•, and Ahe- pi•actiee 
has been , svhere the secretary was appointeachargé 
d 'affaires ad interim, and was .aceredited• too:the 
court to discharge the duties of such to ailow•him- 
the salary of chargé d 'affaires for the time -he per- 
formed those duties, deducting from it his $2,000. 
Mr. HALE. And deducting the excess-from 
the salary of the minister? 
Mr. MASON. Not that I am aware of. I 
presume not. 
Mr. HALE. It ought to be. 
Mr. MASON. Now, this letter of the Secre- 
tary of State says: 
It appears from the recåds and files of this Department 
that Mr. Anderson acted as chargé d'affaires of the United 
States, at Paris, from thc -1st of April until the 29th of No- 
veniber, 1837." 
Tbc reason for -it IS very manifest. A secre- 
tary of legation has no position Whatever in the 
country to which a minister is accredited. He 
holds no intercourse with the Government, and is 
subject to no heavy expenses in. consequence 'of 
his place there; but a chargé d 'affaires is in a very 
different position. The records of the Depart• 
ment are full of instances of necessary expenses 
devolved on him which, in the humbler character 
of secretary, he would not have to meet; and it has 
always been usual with the Government to allow 
Mr. HALE. This repoi•t does not state that 
he was appointed by the Government, and I do 
not think he was, but was presented by General 
Cass—a mere complimentary thing, undoubtedly. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the passage of the bill. 
The question being put, there were, on a divis- 
ion—ayes two. 
Mr. MASON. L think it is manifest, from the 
condition of. the Senate, that we can only pass 
upon these claims intelligibly by the yeas and 
nays. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the amount ofthe 
Mr. HALE. It is not much. Thero is a prin- 
ciple.in it, though. 
'lthe question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resultcd—ycas 15, nays 20; as follows: 
YEAS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Clinginan, Crittendeti, Fitch, 
Foster, Green. Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of 
'J'cnnessee, Kennedy, Lathan), Mason, Pearce, Polk, and 
NAYS—-.Messrs. Bingham. Cameron, Clark, Dixon, 
Fcssendei, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Han. 
Doolittle, I)urkee, 
Lane, Rice, Saulsbury, Sumner, Ten Eyck, 
King, 
'l'rnmbnll, VVade, and Wilson—20. 
So the bill was rejected. 
Mr. H ALE. I anovc that the Senate adjourn. 
What is the use of sitting here, 
W' hen wc have to send the boys out for members 
whenever we have a vote ? 
The motion was not agreed to. 
LAND CLAIMS -IN WISCONSIN. 
T hc next bill on the Calendar was the büi (S. 
No. 472) for tho reliefofcertain claimants t.o farm 
lots at Prairie da Cl:ien, in the State of Wiscon- 
sin. The bill was read three times, and passed, 
on May 28, 1860; but a motion to reconsider was 
entered by Mr. DOOLITTLE. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A question has arisen be- 
twecn the State of Wisconsin and certain grantees, 
in relation to those lands, the State of Wisconsin 
claiming that they are overflowed lands and be- 
long to Wisconsin. Certain orantees under the 
of the Secretary for a time, and he has had a claim them, and certain other persons claim 
on the passage of the bill. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and on being claim before this body for years for compensation. 
them under the grants given of their title deeds 
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Clingman, Fitch, Green, 
Gwin, Hemphill, Iverson, Johnson of Ärkansas. Kennedy, 
Lane, Lathazn, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Rice, Saulsbury, 
Sebastian, Stnnner, Thomson, and Wigfall-—21. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Can:eron, Chan- 
flier, Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Onikee., Fessenden, Foot, 
Foster, Grimes, Ilå_üe. Harlan, Johnson of 'I'ennessee, Kinr, 
Pearce, Trumbuil, Wade, and Wilson—20. 
So the bill was passed. 
CHARLES E. ANDERSON. 
'The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. 
No: 272) for the relief of Charles E. Anderson: 
which was read the third time on the 4111 of May 
tbc question now beirv on its passa«e. 
T herc arc a great number of claims of that sort 
from the United States. The matter is in litiga- 
which the Government latterly have refused. 
1 
tion, as I am informed by persons residinc at 
(Frant that there are sonle that have been paid; 
Prairie Du Chien; and my opirfion is, that it is 
but I think a claim of this sort ought not, to be 
paid. However, 1 do not want to take up time i' that it should be decided by the courts. 
about it. 
J suppose it will be _ 
Mr. MASON 1 think the Senator will find, if 
he will look at the precedents, that the distinction 
II 
was this: where a secretary of legation is in- 
structed bv his government to present himself as 
a chargé a 'affaires—that is to say, as one who 
holds the functions of minister ad interitn, in Lho 
the practice, so far as i I 
absence of the minister— 
know, has been invariablc to make that allowance 
of the difference between the pay of a secretary of 
a (i 'a flan•es. We have nov.,' no 
The Sccretary rcad the bill, which directs the i! !egatior, and 
charge d ahan•e.S. 
crade has been aboü>hed 
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Charies E 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on reconsidering the votc by which the bili was 
passed. 
The motion was nereed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
nov,rr recurs on the passacre of the bill. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 
move that the bill be 
laid on the table. 
YI'he motion was agreed to. 
JOHN PEEBLES. 
The Senate, as in Committee of. the Whole, 
