562 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 25, 
with a recommendation that it do pass, Senate 
bill (No. 23) fbr the relief of Arnold Harris and 
Samuel F. Butterworth; and asked that it be put 
upon its passage. 
The bill was read. It -provides that Arnold 
Harris and Samuel F. Butterworth, sureties of 
William E. Kendall, late deputy postmaster at 
New Orleans, shall be released from all claims 
the United States have against them, or either of 
them, as such sureties; and it directs the Secre- 
tary of the Treasury to cause any judgment which 
may have been rendered against said parties, or 
either of them, as sureties of said Kendall, to be 
canceled and satisfied of record as to such sure- 
ties, or either of them. 
Mr. PALMER. I object to the consideration 
of that bill. I understand that the Judiciary Com- 
mittee had it under consideration at the last ses- 
• sion, and reported against it. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New 
York will understand that this is the regular order 
of business, and a single objection cannot defeat 
It makes no appropriation. 
its consideration. 
I desire to explain 
rvfr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
the bill in one word to the House. 
Mr. PALMER. 1 understand the bill does 
make nn appropriation, and I ask that it shall be 
I •ask further that the report made last ses- 
read. 
Sion by the Judiciary Committee unanimously 
against the bill be also read. 
If I am entitled to 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
the floor, I think I can satisfy the gentleman from 
New York that the bill should be passed. 
The SPEAKER. Let the bill bc read, so that 
the House may understand it. 
The bill was read. It releases Harris and 
Butterworth, sureties of Kendall, from all claims 
which the United States may have against them, 
or either of them, as such sureties, and directs the 
Secretary of the Treasury to cause any judgment 
rendered against Harris and Bu tterworth , or ei ther 
of them, as sureties of said Kendall, to 'be can- 
celed and satisfied of record. 
If tho gentleman 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
from New York will now allow me to speak for 
a moment, I will then yield the floor to him. 
This bill was passed unanimously, or nearly so, 
by the Senate last session. It was reported unani- 
mously from the Post Office Committee at this 
i understand that it was before the Judi- 
session. 
ciary Committee at the last session, and that that 
comrnittee reported that there was no law in ex- 
Istence for releasing this judgment. They there- 
fore, as the gentleman states, reported adversely. 
these parties 
The fact are these, Mr. Speaker: 
became the sureties of the postmaster at New Ore 
leans. That postmaster was charged with embez- 
zlement, was indicted, and removed from office. 
After he had been removed, these parties called 
at the Post Offce Department, and demanded to 
know the amount of their liability. 
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 should like to make an 
I desire simply to know 
inquiry of the Chair. 
how it happens that, after this bill was properly 
referred to the Judiciary Committee at the last 
session, and returned with an adverse report, it 
has becn referred this session to the Committee 
on the Post Offce and Post Roads? I wish to 
know whether that is regular way of reachirw 
business of this kind ? 
I will state to the 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
gentleman from Pennsylvania that it was referred, 
on motion, by order of the House, to the Post 
Office Committee. These parties were informed 
at the Post Office Department that the defaulting 
postmastcr at New Orleans had madc them liable 
for, I believe, #11,000. They paid it in cash. 
Afterwards, and after the defaulting postmaster 
had absconded from the country, and taken up his 
abode in Mexico, it was discovered at the Post 
Office Department that there was a further lia- 
bility of about six thousand dollars. 
For that 
further liability these patties have been sued, and 
judgment recovered against them. This bill is to 
release the sureties from this judgment. 
When I attempted to call up this bill the other 
day, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. THOMAS] 
objected to it; and I believe I am atithorized by 
that gentleman to say that he has since investi- 
gated this matter, and that he not only withdraws 
who reports the-bill will consent to have the report 
which was made unanimously by the Judiciary 
Committee at the last session read, I will leave 
the matter to the determination of the House.. 
Otherwise, shall feel compelled to move that the 
bifl be rereferred to the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will not object to 
the readingof the report 
Mr. COX. Let the report that was made in 
favor of it in the Senate be also read, and then 
both sides of the case will have been presented. 
Mr. PALMER. I have no objection to that. 
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to make one remark. 
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. CRAIG] is 
entirely correct in what he says about my opin- 
ion. I objected to this bill the other day, not be- 
cause I was opposed to it, for really did not 
know anything about the case. Being determined" 
however, to inform myself about it, I read not 
only the reports, but the evidence, and I came to 
the conclusion that the bill ought to pass. I shall 
therefore vote in favor of it. 
The report of the Senate Committee on the Post 
Office and Post Roads of last session was read, as 
follows: 
The Comrnittee on the Post Offce and Post Roads, to 
whorn was reterred the memorial of Arnold Harris and 
Samuel F. Butterworth, respectfully report : 
That the conunittce refer to the report (No. 151, first 
session, Thirty-Fifth Congress) upon the same memorial, 
and recommend the passage of the same bill for the relief 
of the memorialists which was passed by the Senate dur- 
ing its last session. They accordingly report a bill. 
IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES, ,Rprit 5, 1858. 
'I'he Committee on the Post Ofliec and Post Roads, to 
whom was reförred the memorial 01' Arnold Harris and 
Sarnuel F. Butterworth, respectfully report: 
T Inat the petitioners ask relief from a penalty they have 
incurred as sureties of VVillitun G. Kendall, late a deputy 
'The memorial is as follows : 
postinaster at New Orleans. 
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United 
States in Congress assembled : 
'I'hc nnemot•ial of Arnold flarris and Samuel F. Butter- 
worth respectfullv showeth : 
'I'hat on the 14th of April, A. D. 1853, they signed the off- 
Cial bond of William G. Kendall, late postmaster of New 
()rlcans, as his sureties in the penal sun of $60,000. On 
the 7th May, 1855, Kendall was dismissed froin the otice 
of postmaster at New Orleans ; was arrested, charged with 
having robbed the n•rails ; was indicted, tried, and acquitted. 
After his arrest, and before his trial, his account was stated 
by the Post Oflice Department, showing a balance 
hill), as postinaster at New Orleans, of $10,839 19. 'l'his 
he Kåilcd to pay any 
account was presented to Kendall ; 
part of it. Early in January. 1856, your ynernorialists were 
called upon by the Post Office Department to pay up the 
smn 19, as sureties lör Kendall. On the 7th Jan- 
uary, 1856, your mcmorinlist, S. F. Butterworth, deposited 
the United States assistant treasurer at New York the 
sutn of $5,000 to the credit of this account; on the 19th of 
JanuaYy,.1856, he deposited, in like manner, the further 
stnn of $1,950 ; and on the 21st January, 1856, your memo- 
rialist, Arnold Harris, deposited with the Auditor of the 
Post Office Departinentat Washington the sum of $3,88919, 
being the balance claimed by said account to be due frotn 
Kendall, as postmaster at New Orleans, to the United 
States. Soon after this, Kendall was tried by a jury at 
He inxmediately left the 
New Orleans, and acquitted. 
United States and went to Mexico, '.vhere he now resides. 
After he had thus lef't the IJnited States, on the 18th day 
of Scptmnber, 1856, your mernorialist, Samuel F. Butter- 
worth, received a letter from the Auditor of the Post Office 
Dcpartlnent, (see copy annexed,) informing hirn that in 
making out the account against Kendall an error had been 
, and that there was still due tile Department, froin 
Kendall, the sum of $5,365 47. 
When the account was first stated by tho Departlnent, 
showing a balance against Kendall of $f0,839 19, hc (Ken- 
dall) insisted that there was no such amount due frotn him, 
and that the claim was Inade Inerely to present him as a 
dethulter, and thus prejudice his case bciOre the jury. Your 
Inelnorialists, not doubting his staternents, and certain of' 
his innocence, paid the claim without investigation as soon 
as it. was presented to them, and they did this to insure 
Kendall a thir trial, and because they knew that all of his 
available means were required by him to prepare for his 
. defense ; but your memorialists (listinctly state that if the 
.Department had at first claimed a balance of $16,204 66 as 
due from Kendall, they certainly would not have paid that 
large stun without investigation and legal resistance, unless 
first indemnified by Kendall or his relatives. 
By direction of the Governnlent, suit was instituted 
wrainst Kendall (whose last known placc of residencc was 
in Missouri) and your memorialists, in the United States 
circuit court of Missouri, to recover this last clairned bal- 
ance of $5,365 47 ; process was served at the late residence 
of Kendall ; your memorialists appeared by attorney, and 
suffered judgment to be obtained against them by default. 
'Vhe only explanation, or rather excuse, given by the 
Post Office Department for the arave error" in renderin" 
the first account against Kenualk för a sun) of $5,965 47 less 
than was really due the Government, was the tact that the 
clerk who Inade out the account was intemperate 
Your nunnorialists ask the Congress o? the United States 
to release t.hern from the payrnent ofthc judgment rendered 
claim of $5,365 47 was made known to either of your mew 
moriaiists. 
A farther fact your memorialLsts present Kendall, 
charged with a high crime, was vigorously prosecuted ; 
extraordinary means were used to procure his conviction 
the United States district attorney at New Orleans was not 
deelncd equal to tbc occasion other distinguished counseE 
was employed, who boasted that he was to receive a fee og 
$5,000 from the Government in the event of Kendall's con- 
victim. 'l'o meet this unjust persecution and monstrous 
proceeding-on the part•of the United- States, Kendall was, 
compelled to expend large sums of money to retain the ser- 
vices of Senator BENJAMIN and other eminent lawyers ; to 
procure the attendance of important witnesses and to 
conduct iris defense to a successfdl issue, more than his 
life—his honor and his liberty were involved- in the con-• 
test ; not a particle of proof of guilt was produced ; he was' 
acquitted. 
The moneys thus expended by Kendall, but for the action 
of the Government, would have constituted a means of 
paying any real balances due from him as postmaster. By 
the oppressive action of the Covermnent he was deörivetL 
of these means. Under these circumstances, your memo- 
rialists submit that his sureties ought not to be called on to 
make good the moneys thus expended. 
The above facts considered, your memorialists ask such 
relief as the Congress of the United States may deem just 
and proper. 
S. F. BUTTERWORTH, 
ARNOLD HARRIS. * 
objection., but believes the bill ought to pass, and against thenn as above stated, and they assign as a sufficient 
Subsequently a letter from one of the petitioners, in reply 
to an inquiry from the committee, was submitted, which is- 
as follows : 
NEw YORK, March 20, 1858. 
DEAR SIR : A memorial from Arnold Harris and Inyself,: 
as sureties of William G. Kendall, late postmastcr at Nc•.v 
Orleans, has been referred to the Committee on the Post 
Office and Post Roads, of which you are chairman. We 
omitted to state, in that memorial anything in relation to the 
capacity of Mr. Kendall, at the time of his acquital, to pay 
or secure the amount clainwd as due the Post Offce De- 
partment from _him. It may be said that unless we can 
show that Mr. Kendall could have been forced to pay, we 
lost nothing by his departure Crotn the country. 'I'he tact 
is, that Mr. Kendall possessed a valuable property at. Biloxi, 
Mississippi, (represented to be worth over twe}ve thousand 
dollars,) which property he settled upon his wife before he 
left the country, and proceedings are now pending in the 
United States circuit court, in behalf of the United States, 
to set aside this settlelnent, and to subject •this property to 
the satisfaction of the judgment rendered against. Kendall r 
Had we known of the existence of this large claim against 
us, as sureties of Kendall, before his departure from the 
country, we certainly could, by the application of the sub- 
'l'rcasury I have compelled Mr. Kendall to apply this 
, property to the payment of this clann, instead of settling it 
on his wife. T nere can be no doubt ot• this. Mr. Kendall 
would have exhausted his own property not only, hut also 
that ofhis relatives, rather than have suffered the penalties 
of the law as a defaulter. 
I an), with great respect, vour obedient servant, 
SAIVIÜEI, F. BUTTERWORTH. 
The facts alleged by the memorialists are sustained upon 
inquiry. 
'l'he parties appeal to the equity of the Government to 
protect thexn from a loss caused by the laches of one of its 
When these parties became sureties they reasonably 
looked with reliance upon the guards which the laws ere- 
ated against default of its officials for their protection. 
They had a right to expect correct and accurate accounts 
to be' kept by the Government, quarterly settlements, and 
such prompt resort to the vigorous and suffcient means o? 
enforcing pavment of balances as the sub-Treasury law pro- 
vided. 'I'hey had aright also to expect early and accurate 
notice of any default, that t.hey might employ the usual 
means of securing themselves frorn damages. 
it appears that through the fault of the 'Government, no 
matter t•rmn what cause, they were deceived as to the 
amount doe to the Government by Mr. Kendall, and were 
not apprised of a different state of the account, and of a 
further balance claimed, until the principal had disposed of 
his property, and left the jurisdiction of the. United States. 
If the Government had used the proper care and diligence, 
his departure would have been prevented, and in ail reason- 
able probability the atnount recovered. 'I'he Goverrnnent 
It alone could know the 
was the custodian of the accounts. 
true state of indebtedness; the sureties could only know 
through the Governinent. When, upon being iniOr1ned by 
the. Government ofthe halance owing. they generously etune 
forward and paid the amount from their own private means, 
they had a right to regard their obligation as discharged, 
and to discharge their minds frotn any further vigi!ancc in 
the transactions of Mr. Kendall. 
'I'hus, •by the default of 
the Govermnent, they have suffered a danlage, and although 
the case is not one which would secure them irnmunity in 
a court of' law, yet it presents a fair case tkfe clemency 
and consideration of the Government. 
'The comrnittee t.hink that the Government Inay properly 
relax its strict leaal claim, and in consideration of the large 
amount already voluntarily paid by these sureties, and the 
injury caused to them by the lach:es of its own officers, re- 
lease them fronn further liability. They accordingly report a 
bill for the relief of the petitioners. 
Mr. PALMER. The report just read is one 
that was made by the Post OMce Committee of the 
I now ask for the reading of the report 
i Senate. 
, of the Judiciary Committee of this House, made 
at a subsequent date. I hope the House will give 
its attention to the reading of the report. After 
that, I shall feel it my duty to call for the yeas 
and nays on the passage of the bill. 
reason such request the fact that, by the action of Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to make an inquiry 
pass at once. 
intemperate clerk in tbc Post. Office 
Mr. PALMER. f am not disposed to discuss 
—they have been dcprivcd of all reniedy against ofthe Chair. Does this matter now come up prop- 
(lisnlissed 
the merits of the bill now; and if the gentleman Kendall, who had departed the country before the last erly before the House? Is the report presented 
