1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
565 
whether the election of Lincoln was a casus bell.i, 
for which we ought to sever the relations existing 
between *the different sections? Sir; I pause to 
remark that the election of Lincoln was no cause 
ofa dissofution of the Union. I tell you that the 
mere election of a President of the United States, 
•ander the forms of the Constitution, never can be 
a justifiable cause of a dissolution of this Confed- 
eracy. I say, however, at the same time, that 
whilst the constitutional form is there, you have 
to create a soul under the ribs of death." You 
have furnished us with the ribs of death; it is for 
you to inquire whethér you have Oiven us the sout 
under those ribs. What 'I believe, and what I 
believe the whole South thinks, is, that the elec- 
tion of Lincoln is evidence t.hat cause for the dis- 
solution of the Union exists. itis not cause itself; 
but it is evidence that that cause exists. That 
cause underlies it; it reaches far behind it—so far 
behind that very few, perhaps, have taken the 
pains to look into it. 
Another colleague of mine, whom I see in his 
seat, [Mr. CLEMENS I—and he will pardon me for 
observing that he seemed to take cspeeial pleas- 
ure in administering to the delectation of his 
northern friends upon the other side of the House 
—thought proper, in the course of the remarkable 
speech which hc delivered, to quote from the fare- 
well address of the father of Virginia's liberties. 
In that address he warned us arrainst sectional 
controversies. As though he possessed the power 
of omniscience, of looking into the human heart, 
of penetrating that darkest and most mysterious 
Of all labyrinths, and subjecting its motives to 
the test of infallible analysis, that immortal man 
warned you, in the language quoted by my col- 
league, against the dangers of sectional strife. 
wonder that the member from Virginia should 
apply the quotation to the people of the southern 
section of this Confederacy. I wonder that he 
should have attempted to draw us within the ad- 
monition of that great, good, and illustrious man. 
Sir, had he attempted then to describe, with more 
than prophetic vision, the present position, aims, 
and objects of the Republican party, he coukd not 
have better done it. MT ho have created this sec- 
tional eöntroversy? Who nre its authors? Who 
have prosecuted it until there is, perhaps, no hope 
left fo'r the South but in the ultima ratio ot•nations? 
The North. Did the South begin the fight? 1 
appeal to my colleague to know whether Virginia 
ever attempted to create sectional strife within the 
limits of this Confederacy? He shakes his hcad. 
I am glad he does it. Even that slight assent to 
the southern view of the question will be gratify- 
ing to his constituents. Where did it begin ? 
have alluded to the Missouri compromise. What 
next. You may go back to the history of this 
Confederacy from 1821—22 down to this day, and 
you witl find that history but the hist.ory of a 
series of aggressions upon the part of the North 
on the just constitutional rights of the South; 
new agitations in both branches of Congress, 
and attempts to interfere with the relations be- 
tween master and slave. You need not talk to me 
about legislation, when you have organized your 
societies and set the machinery at work to sap the 
What have the N0Jth done? You have sanctified 
crime; you have canonized murder; you have of- 
fered a premium upon pcr.j ury ; and you have made 
it a high crime and misdemeanor to obey the 
Constitution of the United States, and thc laws 
passed in pursuance thereof. I except, of course, 
from this statement, the gallant Democracy of the 
North. Sir, if you wanted to find the man within 
the broad limits cf this Confederacy who has 
done more to sap the foundations upon which the 
Government has, until of late years, reposed in 
peace and quiet; who has laid the foundation of 
this whole controversy, broadly and deeply; who 
has done it in a way that shows that hc would not 
comply with his own constitutional oblicrations, 
but would punish all who complied with theirs, 
and protect those who violate the Constitution 
and the laws, you will find him, I thank God, 
not within the limits of the sunny South. I 
been said in the Senate of the United States. It 
would be unparliamentary to do so, and I mean 
to violate no parliamentary law if I can avoid it 
But that man is now in the Senate of the United 
States, representing the greatest State of this Con- 
federacy. I allude, sir, to William H. Seward, 
who, as Governor of New York, as far back as 
1839, asserted doctrines fatal to the rights of •all 
tho States of this Confederacy. 
At that time, three men went to the city of Nor- 
folk, in Virginia, and stole three negroes. They 
escaped with them to New York. • William H. 
Seward. was then Governor of the State of New 
York. The proofs were made out, the evidence 
filed, every requirement of the law complied With, 
and the act.ing Governor of Virginia made his 
requisition in soiemn form for the surrender of the 
criminals; but thc Governor of the State of New 
I York refused to comply with the obligations of 
the Constitution. And on what ground? On the 
naked ground that, according to the laws of New 
York, there could be no property in slaves. Sir, 
would it not be a novelty, in a system of govern-' 
ment constituted as ours is, if every State of tbc 
Confederacy had a right to supervise the laws of 
every other State of the Confederacy? Would it 
not bc a novelty, if not only the State, through 
her regularly constituted legislative authorities, 
but that the Governor of each State, should have 
a right to supervise those laws? Yet Mr. Seward 
did it. The crime was nota felony in New York, 
and therefore he was not bound to surrender a 
fugitive accused of committing that crime. Now 
let us examine that for a moment. 
Not long ago, thc State of New York came very 
near abolishing the law inflicting thc punishment 
of death for murder; and it is contended by some 
that she did absolutely make it. impossible to pun- 
ish murder in the first degree. Suppose she had 
said by her legislation that murder should not be 
a crime within the limits of the State of New York ; 
and suppose a rnan committed a murder in the 
State of Virginia and escaped to New York: would 
the Governor of New York bc justified in saying, 
in response to a requisition made upon him, " No, 
sir; we do not regard murder as a crimc in New 
York, and therefore we are not bound to surrender 
this person ?" Now, is that law? 
I am merely giving a rapid sketch of these 
things. W hut bas twe Governor of Ohio done? 
What I'las the of Iowa done? Governor 
Dennison refused to surrender a man accused of 
aiding and abetting others to commit murder. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman allow 
mc to makc a statement about this rnattcr? 
Mr. LEAKE. Certainly, sir. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 simply desire to that 
whenevcr an v citizen of Ohio goes within the. 
limits of the State of Virginia, and there commits 
a crime acrainst. her laws und flce.s to Ohio, 
Governor of Ohio has ever refused to surrender 
'Ithe case referred to was a case 
such person. 
where a citizen of Ohio was accused of havil)'" 
committed a crinne, 110t williin limits of Vir- 
'l'he papers shtnved on their 
ginia, but of Ohio. 
fhcc that the presence aliecrcd in Virginia wuss u 
presence, and not an a.c,tl.lal 
rncre constructive 
i know the Governor of Virginia very 
presence. 
well; arid I verily believe thut he hirnsclf would 
not surrender a citizen of Virginia to the Execu- 
tivc of Ohio when that citizen of' Virginia had not 
left thc soil of his nativc State. 
Mr. COX. I think this rnattcl' ought to be 
correctly understood. I understood my colleugue 
[Mr. SHER.MAN] to say, the other day, that in the 
case referred to—the case of Mit•riam and Brown— 
there was no evidence befbro Governor Dennison 
that the offense charged against these men was 
committed in the State of Virginia. He has re- 
vides, that the fugitives are to. be demanded, •on 
the certified copy of an indicuueni, becausd -the 
indictment sets forth the förmälly. In t'htß 
case, it is expressly stated in the iiidictment,- that 
" said Francis Mirriam being a free person, (in 
the 16th and 17th days of the m91ith of OQQber, 
in the year 1859, in the county of Jefférsoh,: ar/d 
commonwealth of Virginia, and within the ju-ri*- 
diction of this court," did commit the offense with 
which he was charged. What language could be 
used to express the thought moÉe-fülly and 
explicitly ? 
And yet it is urged here that the Governor of 
Ohio went outside of the papers in the requisition 
to find out the fact that Mirriam a'nd BröWn were 
not in Virginia, but ••.vere really in Ohio. ' 
will pretend that the Governor of Ohio had va 
right to go behind the papers, and get up testi- 
Inony to show the fact that these criminals were 
in Virginia only constructively ? Nor is-there any 
evidcncc here to show that that is the: truth. All 
the evidencc shows, that, on the very day the 
Governor of Ohio refused to surrender the slaye- 
stealing vagabond Lago, to the Governor of-the 
Commonwealtl) of Kentucky, this subteifuge 
found for the purpose of violating the Constitu- 
tion, in this very itnportant particular, with ref- 
erel'ice to the Virginia cases. 
Yes, sir; authorit.ics arc sometimes quoted. My 
colleague cetin•rcd, the other day, to a case in Ken- 
tuck y. That authority has been called for again 
but never Introduced as precedent 
and again, 
for this action of Ohio. lilcre is a case where the 
Governor of Ohio, for the very purpose of screen- 
ing these mell from punishment for their insur- 
rection in Virginia, actually madc proclamation 
in the State of •the fact of the reclamation and re- 
fusal to deliver, so [hat they might escape•and -be 
free from arrest. Everybody knew that the requi- 
'I'he fact was publisheWin' the 
sition was made. 
He did not act as the Governor of 
newspapers. 
Pennsylvania did, when Hazlett fled there; and 
when It appeared that there was a mistake about 
his name; that Governor held lhe scoundrel till 
the mistake was corrected, and then delivered him 
up. But our Governor—the Governor of Ohio— 
God bless you! (this man whom my colleague 
undertakes to defend for his Constitution-loun& 
attributes,) gave, notice to all tile world that these 
men wet•o sent for; and t hoy were therefore never 
surrendm•cd up to receive their proper puntsh- 
rnent,. Proud as I am of the State of Ohio; I have 
pride, as I have said again and again, in her 
wrong-doing. And I applaud thc course of my 
CORWIN,J the chairman of the 
colleague, [iMr. 
conunittee of thirty-three, fbr reportincr a provis- 
ion whereby this wrong can bc remedied; which 
never could have been remedied but for the fact 
that the nat.ional Congress has observed this very 
wrong to which I have called the attention ofthe 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to say a word in 
reply to my colleague. 
[ am perfectly willing that the 
LEAKE. 
gen tlcman shall take five or ten min utes, provided 
1 he allowed it in my time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not take two min- 
utes of the gentleman 's time. 
Mr. very well; then 1 am perfectly 
willing this explanation should be made. 
Mr: SHERMAN. I do not wish to say any- 
thil'lg further about the Governor of Ohio. Gov- 
ernor Dennison is able to talcc care of himself. 
We arc now discussing a matter between States; 
peated it now. I do not believe, Mr. Speaker, 
'L'he fact is, that' b between the Sta.te of and thc State of' Vir- 
that this statement is correct. 
thc indicttnent, certified by the great seal of Vir- ginia; and [ repeat my assertion, that where it 
appears that a citizen of Ohio has gone into the 
In that 
ginia, was before the Governor of Ohio. 
Indictment therc wasa statement, that Brown and State, of Virginia, and committed a crime in that 
Mirriakü were in the county of Jefferson, and State State, if he flees back to Ohio. the Governor of 
of Virginia, while cngagcd in the John Ohio will surrender him. 
I did not anticipate the technical plea now made 
transaction. -Where else should such an allega- 
tion bc fbund? 'l'he indictment is the for by my colleague, that the indictment atlcges that 
these defendants wcre in Virginia. As a matter 
his message, Gov'ernor 
In 
such an anecyation. 
Letcher stated, that the Attorney General of Ohio of course the indictment would so allege. Indict- 
" there is to show that Mir- ments always allege a great rnany things, having 
objects that 
riam ever was in the State of Virginia, save the i \ little to do with the offense charged. If I were to 
allegation in the indictment, that the offense of I read an indictment now to these crowded galler- 
which he is accused was there committed." The ics, many would not know what it meant.' An 
first objection was, that there was not one word indictment is a formal accusation couched in 
in the indichnent to show that. Mirriam had fled II phraseology. This indictment, of course, alleged 
from justice; and now the objection is, that the that these defendants were within the juriSdiction 
allegation that he ever was in Virginia, is of Virginia; but from the papers accompanying 
l/ the indictment it appears that thesc men were not 
nowhere, save in the indictrnent. *Where clse 
II 
should it be found? The act of Congress pro- within the State of Virginia, and had not been 
