1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
567 
that way the news of what was going on reached I notary public is not a magistrate; and therefore 
the requisition is defective. But the gentleman 
the criminal's ears, and enabled him to escape. 
If the gentleman does not know the fact, I tell 111m II has forgotten that a law was passed in 1850 by 
that it is so, and I assert it upon the Authority of 
the Governor, John Letcher himself. 
Mr. VANDEVER. If the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia means to bavc the idea go out that Governor 
Kirkwood, by the publication of his correspond- 
ence with Governor Letcher, first gave the in- 
formation to the alleged criminal and the world 
of what was going on, then I take issue with him. 
deny that Govermor Kirkwood gave such in- 
formation. I have the declaration of Governor 
Kirkwood, in the message he sent to the Legisla- 
ture of Iowa, that he did not, 'directly or indi- 
rectiy, give notice, •as charged. Governor Kirk- 
wood is incapable of such an act. The messencrer 
from Virginia himself published the object of his 
errand before he arrived at the capital of Iowa. 
The alleged criminal was notified of it from that 
publication, and made his escape. 
Now, sir, we in the State of Iowa hold, in ref- 
•erence to these criminal matters—certainly where 
the liberty of a white man, andVa citizen of the 
State, is concerned—that there should bean adher- 
once to the ordinary forms of the '[aw. Whether 
it is right or not to 'dispense with •those forms in 
reference to •other persons, we never adopt such 
ra rule of procccding in Iowa with respect to our 
own citizens, whether at the sugges-tzon of Vir- 
ginia or any ot.her State. 
And Ict me say another word. The •want of 
form, or neglect to meet the well-known require- 
Congress, which declares that the afidavit may 
also be made before a notary public. This is in 
the very terms of the law itself. Whether the 
Governor of Iowa wras ignorant or captious, it is 
not for me to say. One thing is sure: that he had 
not read the law of 1850, which permitted notaries 
public" also to take testimony for requisitions. 
There is still another quibble resorted to by the 
Republican Governor of Iowa to avoid the Con- 
I am glad that this discussion has 
stitution. 
taken place; for these facts show that there is a 
necessity for some measure to settle the practice 
in these cases. 
Again: thc gentleman from Iowa says -there 
was no evidence that this man Coppie, who fled 
into Iowas where his mother resided, was ever in 
the State of Virginia. He says there was no such 
evidence furnished to the Governor. Now, the 
evideYlce of Mr. Hunter, which the gentleman 
W'ill fir}d »efcrred to in Governor Letcher's mes- 
sage, shvs thc fact that the defendant " on sun- 
dry days was in Virginia, aiding and abetting 
John Brown," &c. 
Mr. VANDEVER. There is no such fact 
stated. 
Mr. COX. I have made-the exact quotation. 
Mr. VANDEVER. The gentleman's mem- 
ory is false. 
Mr. COX. I do not rely upon recollection. I 
quote from the papers, which are before me. 
I! Mr. COX. I use the exact language, quoted 
•ments of law, raised the presumption in the minds 
•of many that it was the desire of Virginia that the 
alleged criminal should escape. I have heard the from Hunter's affidavit. As the gentleman from 
'opinion expressed by men of all parties in my II Massachusetts [N'lr. ADAMS] said ycsterday, Iam 
a precise man; and it is well, Mr. Speaker, in 
State, that it was not the intention or the wish of 
these matters, to have precise information. 
•those who made the requisition that it should be II 
All that I haye got to say further is: let Repub- 
•complied with. We do not recoffnize, however, 
lican Governors of the northern States only emu- 
the right of the State of Virginia, or any other 
State, to adopt such a loose course of proceeding late Governor Packer, of Pennsylvania. When 
in regard to matters of this kind. The papers a criminal likc this man Coppic fled to Pennsyl- 
x.vere so defective that they woutd scarcely be tol- vania, what did he do? Dischargc him upon a 
orated in a justice's courtinany district throughout technicality; get up a quibble upon a scroll-seal, 
he held the man 
the length and breadth of the land. 'Iowa, to-day, or something sin'lilar? No, sir; 
•is true to her constitutional obligations. Demand 
•of •her •the surrender of any fugitivc for a crime 
'committed in Virginia, or elsewhere, and she will 
comply with it. But this man was not charged 
with having corninitted any crime in Virginia, and 
the papers were not authenticated. If the mes- 
senger from Virginia had kept his counsels, the 
fugitive could not have escaped; and when the 
defects were supplied in the requisition, he would 
shave been delivered up. 
Mr. LEAK E. The gentleman's explanation 
reminds me of the account found in Falstaff's 
pocket—one pennyworth of bread to five shillings 
•of sack. 
Mr.. COX. Will the gentleman give mc a mo- 
ment? 
Mr. LEAK E. I will, upon the same terms of 
extension of my time. 
Objection was made. 
The SPEAKER pro tctnpore. The gentleman 
from Virginia will proceed, as objection is made. 
Mr. COX. I did not see any one nse in his 
•seat and object. Such is the rule, and therefore 
I will proceed, A II I wish to say in answer to 
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. VANDE,VER,] when 
he undertakes to show good faith upon the part 
of the Governor of Iowa, is that he does not come 
up fully to the facts. I happen to be informed of 
the facts in this very case. That very Governor 
of Iowa himself sets out the facts in his corre- 
spondence. The reason which the gentleman from 
Iowa gives for the of Coppic is a 
in custody, because he was a great public crimi- 
nal, who had outraged social order and the sov- 
ercignty of a State, remanded him to prison, and 
sent noticc to the Governor of Virginia, and in the 
end had him remanded to Virginia. If the Repub- 
lican Governors had acted in that spirit, we would 
not now havc been in this perilous condition, 
caused, in part, by the infraction of this peculiar 
provision of the Constitution. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 would ask the gentle- 
man from Ohio if, in the statement ho has 
Mr. LEAK E. I cannot yield any further, 
unless my time is extended. 
Mr. VANDEVER. occupy but a few 
minutes. The gentleman from Ohio deprecates 
technicalities, and still he himsclC has fallen into 
a gross technicality in reförence to the powers of 
a notary public. A notary public is not a judi- 
Cial oflicer•, and I prcsurnc the Governor of Iowa 
is just as conversant with the facts of this case as 
the gentleman from Ohio. As to the aiteration in 
the law of 1850, Vie knew it, and we all know it. 
Although that law was changed in 185(), yet, if it 
conferred any judicial powers upon notaries pub- 
lic, it conferred them to bc exercise(l in strict ac- 
cordance with the law. The latitudc allowed by 
law or custom to notaries in the discharge of the 
functions pertaining •to their peculiar and appro- 
priate duties, does not exlend to their acts when 
exercising the powers conferred by the act of 1850, 
If a 
which are judicial, rather than ministerial. 
scroll is lawful in Virginia, it does not necessa- 
technical reason. It is, that there was no authen- rily follow it is lawful in Iowa. 
But here is a question of fact between the gen- 
ticated seal upon the requisition and affidavit be- 
tleman and myself, as to what was in that affida- 
I will say to the gentle- 
fore the notary public. 
man that the decisions of ourcourts have gone so vit; and I allege again, as I did in the outset, that 
far as to hokd thatno such seal is required to such I the affdavit of Hunter contains no specific allega- 
papers. All that is necessary, as our courts have tion that this man Coppic was within the juns- 
decided again and again, is a scroll, which shall diction of Virginia. It alleges that certain persons 
have the same effect as a seal. But here there was i who had been condemned, and had been executed, 
the seal of Virginia, authenticating thenotarial off- were within the State of Virginia, performinc cer- 
•cerand certificate. These factsshow thatthisrequi- tain unlawful acts, and then states,disconnectedly, 
that they had been aided and abetted by Coppic. 
sition for a murderer was rejected on the smallest 
I have the message of Governor Letcher in my 
sort of a technicality, to commence with. 
Again, says the gentleman, the affdavit was hands, and it corroborates that view of the case. 
made. before a notary public, while the law of Though thc gentleman from Ohio may volunteer 
1793 requires that a copy of the indicfinent af- and becomc t.he accuser of' his mvn State, i he 
will let Iowa alone; she, can take care of herself. 
fldavit shall be made before a \nagistrate; that a 
Mr. LEAKE. I must interrupt the gentleman, 
and resume my; remarks. 
I may be pardoned here if, while upon this - 
issue in regard to the repudiatiöå of thefugitive 
slave law, I allude to the conduct of Virginiaqpon 
a question of a similar character. In •a qüeétion 
between New York and Virginia, 18397 azid 
1840, when the Governor of New York was, as 
think, plotting against the Constitution, and the 
whole tone of our fraternal system of Govern- 
ment, by refusing to surrendenlp. men who had 
stolen negroes, a man, who had committed an of- 
fense in New York, escaped into Virginia. T. M. 
Gilmer, my own trusted and honored friend, wis 
then the Governor of that State. Mr. Seward, 
then Governor of New York, made a requisition 
upon him for the man, and Governor Gilmer im- 
mediately notified him that he would hold the man 
in custody fora.six months, to see whether New 
York would comply with her constitutional obli- 
gations. He wanted to show that•he thought this 
compact between the States ought to be carried 
out. When the fact came to the knowledge of the 
Legislature of Virginia, they, with great unanim- 
ity, passed a resolution in which they declared 
that the Slate of Virginia would comply with the 
constitutional obligation to surrender fugitives, 
although New YoFk had refused to do so. That 
is but a specimen of the mode in which Virginia 
complies with her obligations under the Consti- 
tution and the laws of the land. 
Again: I refer to thc action of a foreign Gov- 
the mode in which they 
of as high solemnity and sanction as the Consti- 
tution of the United States. The courts of Can- 
ado, instcad of imitating the example of the Gov- 
ernors of New York, Ohio, and Iowa, have, upon 
solemn deliberatiön, remanded a slave who had 
committed murder and fled to Canada. 
But I pass to another point. want to show 
northern men where it is that this cot)troversy 
finds its true origin and source. Hence my allua 
Sion to this diffculty. You have broken up the 
comity of States. You have rcfused comphancc 
with constitutional obligations, in the casqs to 
which I have alluded, and many others. And 
have alluded to them for the purpose of turnino• 
again to the fact of the passage of your personal 
I said at the outset of my desultory 
liberty bills. 
speech—made more desultory than I thought 'It 
would be, by repeated in terruptions—thatthey had 
sanctified crime at the North. You have done it 
through the instrumentality of your State author- 
ities, by declaring that what we in the South re- 
gard as crime, is entitled to immunity, if not to 
protection, at the North. What more have you 
done? Why, you have offered a premium on 
perjury, by declaring, in your personal liberty 
laws, that you will make it a high crime and mis- 
demeanor to obey the Constitution and the laws 
of the land. Eleven, if not twelve, of your StatcS 
have imposed pains and penalties upon the man 
who undertakes to execute the law of Congress 
for the recovery of fugitive slaves, passed in pur- 
suance of the precise terms of the Coristitution. 
That is the amount of your personal liberty bills, 
and they amount to nothing more and nothing 
less. The whole six New England States have 
passed such laws. Ohio hasakindred measure, but 
not so strong. New York has a pretty strong one; 
and Pennsylvania, too, has an enactment upon her 
statute-book looking to the same results. While 
these eleven or •twelve States thus come forward 
and solemnly nullify that law, and the ConstitU- 
tion which they are sworn to support, and refuse 
compliance with its obligations, gentlemen get up 
here and prate about South Carolina and Georgia 
and Florida and Alabama and Mississippi and 
Louisiana very soon, and old Virginia before the 
4th of March, not consenting longer to be BUbiect 
to a Government to all the burdens of which they 
are bound to submit without deriving any of its 
benefits. 
As i told yöu in the outset, it is not the elec- 
tion of Lincoln which is the cause of the dissolu- 
tion of this Union. There is evidence, and con- 
clusive evidence, to my mind, that the cause exists 
behind Lincoln 's election. It isthesectional party 
of which my colleague spoke. Where is it, and 
what is it? It is easy for you now to repudiate 
the Garrisons and Giddingsesand Phillipses, and 
the old Abolition organization; but _history provos 
. that those old Abolitionists werc the sappers and 
