572 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 26, 
jected last night, but hc did so upon -the ground 
ordsof the Department do not show that he was 
t.lxa:t there• was no quorum present. At the time, 
wounded or injured in the service, and on this 
he stated he would withdraw his objection if the 
ground the Pension Offce refused his application 
resolution were prcscnted this morning. call 
for a pension. 
for the previous question on the adoption of the 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read 
resolution. 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
Mr. KUNKEL. I object to the resolution. 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. GROW. I have 'demanded the previous 
Mr. BLAIR moved to reconsider the vote by 
question on the resolution. 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 announced my purpose to 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
ob#ct to the resolution from the first. The gentle- 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
man from Pennsylvania has indulged in threaten- 
HOSTILE. ORGANIZATION IN WASHINGTON. 
ing remarks against this side of the House; and he 
Mr. GROW. I ask unanimous consent to 
desires some one on this side of the House to take 
introduce the following resolution: 
the responsibility of objecting to his miserable res- 
• olution in favor of establishing an inquisition upon 
Rcsohed, That the select committee of five be instructed 
to inquire whether any secret organizafion hostile to the 
some of the people of Maryland. If there be none 
Governrnent of the United States exists in the District of 
other, I tell him and t.he House that here is one 
Columbia ; and if so, whether any official or employé of the 
- man who dares take just such a responsibility. 
city of Washington, or any emptoyés or officers of the Fed 
erai Government, in the executive or judicial departments, 
object to the resolution. 
are men)bers thereof. 
Mr. GROW. 1 have called for the previous 
question, and the gentleman 's objection comes 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have no disposition to 
too late. 
object to the introduction of the resolution, but I 
The SPEAKER. Objection comes too late, 
desire to know frotn thc gentlcman, and it is cer- 
unless the gentleman from North Cai•olina per- 
tainly due to the I-louse that he should state, 
sists in his objection made when the resolution 
whether there is anv fact within his knowledge 
which would warrant- the House in putting on foot 
was submitted. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 stated that 1 would object 
any such investigation. The adoption of this res- 
until the chairman of the select committee of five 
olution would be a reflection on the authorities of 
came in. have since been informed by the 
the city of Washington which we ought not to 
mover of the resolution that it was agreeable to 
make unless the gentleman will state, on his own 
the chairman of that committee, and, of course, 
responsibility as a member of the House, that he 
I do not persist in my objection. 
has reason to believe there is such n conspiracy 
The SPEAKER. Then objection comes too 
on foot. 
late, and the resolution must be•put on its passage. 
As for myself, I do not believe that there is. I 
Mr. KUNKEL. When was the previous ques- 
do not believe tl'lere ever was any purpose con- 
tion dcmanded? Certainly not before 1 gave no- 
templated, cither on the part of the citizenæ of this 
I was upon the floor when 
tice of my objection. 
District or of the adjoining States, to make any 
the gentlemah from Centucky, [Mr. BURNETT,] 
foray or raid. on this city, or to interfere with the 
the gentleman from •ennessce, [iV11'. MAYNARD,] 
peaceful inauguration of the President of the party 
anfthe gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. 
of the gentleman who has offered this resolution. 
did not 
J3RANCH,] were addressing the I-louse. 
It seems to me to be right and just and proper 
interrupt them, because it was not courteous to 
that the ret-I,sons for oil'eriug this resolution should 
do so. 
be stated to the House before innuo•uratc a 
The SPEAKER. The previous question was 
proceeding which is a direct reflection upon the 
demanded by the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
patriotism and faithfulness to the government of 
before the Chair rccocrnized the gentleman from 
the people of this District. 
is, in my judgment, 
Maryland. 
a most miserable, contemptible mode of engen- 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 have the right, under the 
dering bad fi)eling, and rnaking the cxcitement 
rules, as one of the members of this House, to 
throughout the country worse than it is. 
prevent a resolution like this being rushed through 
Mr. GROW. I should not have ()fl'ered a reso- 
suddenly, and without notice and examination; 
lution of this kind in tho House if i had not sup- 
and that right shall not, with my consent, be arbi- 
posed there was something to base it on 
t.rarily taken from me. I had aright to object to tho 
Mr. COX. I rise to question of order. 
introduction of the resolution, and that right I 
debate in order on this resolution in its present 
have exercised. I made objection just as soon as 
position ? 
it was possible for me to do so. have never re- 
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under- 
linquished that right. It was my design, from the 
stand the gentleman from Kentucky as objecting 
beginning, to make objection at the proper mo- 
to the resolution. 
It' not, the debate is in order. 
I waited patiently, not desiring to inter- 
Mr. BRANCH. As a member of that com- 
mcnt. 
rupt the gentlenlal'i who addressed the I-Iouse, 
mittee, feel obliged to object to this resolution 
including the Speaker himself. I waited in a cour- 
till the chairman of the cornmittee be present. 
teous and parliamentary manner to submit my 
W hell he conies in, I shall, if hc be satisfied with 
obiection at the proper moment. 
it, withdraw objection. 
Mr. GR.OW. I rise to a point of order. 
Mr. GR()W. I •spoke to the chairman about 
Mr. KIJNKEL. I do not withdraw my ob- 
In 
it yesterday, and it was satisfactory to hirn. 
jection. 
reply to the gentleman from Kentucky, I say that 
The SPEAKER. It is not the purpose of the 
1 have reason to believc that such idea has been 
Chair, and it never has been, to deprive the gen- 
entertainul by some individuals. To what extent 
tleman from Maryland, or any other gentleman, 
it has gonc, I do not know. That is what I want 
However unpleas- 
of his rights upon this floor. 
the committee to inquire into. 
It was f'or that 
ant It may be at times, he must enforce the rules 
reason I offered the resolution. If gentlemen on 
of the House. He has done so on this occasion, 
the other side do not want the investicration, they 
and he is disposed to do no more. The gentleman 
have it in their power to deceat it by simply ob- 
from Pennsylvania demanded the previous ques- 
jecting; and that would be evidence that there 
tion before the gentleman from Maryland was 
was something in it. 
recognized by the Chair, and was in a condition 
Mr. BURNETT* 1 have not objected to the 
to make his objcction. Under the circumstances, 
introduction of the resolution. Let the investi- 
the Chair must decide that objection came too 
gation be as thorough as the member desires to 
late, and the resolution is before the House. 
have it. 
I shall certainly not object. But, sir, 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 upon floor before 
before I resume my seat, I repel as it deserves, 
the previous question was called. 
the intimation of the gentleman from Pennsylva- 
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman was not 
Ilia, that objection coming from this side 
recognized by the Chair; and until recoo•nized, he 
indication that there is such a conspiracy on 
was not in a condition to object. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 am aware that the gentle. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 claim the right, after the 
man who occupies the chair is never very well 
remark of the gentleman from Pennsvlvania, to 
disposed to recoonize me at anytime when I claim 
say a word personal to myself. If I inderstood 
to be heard in this House. 
rl'hat, however, is no 
his remark he said, that objection from this side 
reason why I should be divested of my rights 
was an indication there was such a conspiracy on 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 call the gentleman to 
Mr. GROW. I will say a word in respect of 
His remarks are indecorous, and reflect 
the gentleman fron•l Tennessee, that perhaps I 
order. 
upon the Spcaker. 
ought to have said before. The gentleman 
Mr. MALLORY. I also call the gentleman to 
order. 
Mr. KUNKEL. What 
Mr. MALLORY. Because the gentleman is 
out of order. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolim. 1 ask the 
gentleman to allow me to move an amendment, 
enlarging the powers of the committee. 
Mr. GROW. 1 cannot yield. 1 that the 
question be put on seconding the call for the pre- 
vious question. 
Mt. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 would be 
glad to have thc committee instructed to inquire 
by what authority troops are now stationed im- 
mediately to the east of the Capitol. Is this Con- 
gress to act hereafter at the pomt of the bayonet, 
without protest, and in silence? [Cries of " Or- 
der!" " Order!" 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered; and, under the operation 
thereof, the resolution was adopted. 
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the resolution was adopted ; and also moved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
RESOLUTIONS OF TENNESSEE. 
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask thcunan- 
imous consent of the Elouse for leave to present 
joint resolutions of the State of Tennessee. 
I ask 
that they be read, and ordered to be printed. There 
have been no resolutions presented here which 
meet with a more hearty concurrence, from my 
people than these i now send up to the Clerk's 
desk. 
There was no objection, and the Clerk read the 
resolutions, as follows: 
Resolved by the General assembly of the State of Tennes- 
see, That this General Assembly has heard with profound 
regret of the resolutions recently adopted by the State of 
New York, tendering Inen and money to the President of 
tbc United States, to be used in coercinty certain sovereign 
States of the South into obedience to the Federal Govern- 
That. this Genera] Asselnbly receives tbe, action 
of the of New York as the indication of a pur- 
pose trpoil the part of the people 01' that State to farther 
eoniplicate cxisting difficulties, by forcing the people of the 
South to thc extrcnnity of submission or resistance , and so 
regarding it, the Governor of the State of 'I'enne.sse,e is here- 
by requested to inform the E.xcctlüve of the State of New 
York that it. is the opinion of this General Assembly that 
whenever the, authorities of that State shall send arnied 
forces to thc South för the purposé indicated in said res- 
olutions, tbc people of 'Pennessee, uniting witn their breth- 
ren of the South, will, as one. Inan, resist such invasion of 
the soil of the South, at all hazards, and to the last extrern- 
.ity. 
Adopted, January 18, 1861. 
W. C. WHITTHO.RNE, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
TAZ. W : NEWMAN, 
Speaker of the Senate. 
The resolutions were laid upon the table, and 
ordered to be printed. 
PETER VAN BUSKIRK. 
Mr. THOLMAS. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House that leave be granted for tho with- 
drawal from the files of the House of the papers 
in the case of Peter Van Buskirk, in order that 
they may be referred to the Pension Offce. 
There was no objection, and it was ordered 
accordingly. 
IIOCKADAY AND LIGGIT. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes- 
sagc from the President of the United States, re- 
turning, with his objections, to the I-louse in which 
it originated, a bill'entitled ' 'An act for the relief 
of Hockaday & Liggit. 
Mr. SHERMAN. As that message relates to 
a private and not a public matter, I hope that time 
Will not be consumed with its reading, but that it 
will be to the proper committee. I think 
that is the usual course. 
1 know that it is courte- 
ous to have read veto messæres on public Inatters. 
Mr. BURNETT. The usual course is, 1 think, 
to have read all messages from the President of 
the United States. The House, after the reading 
of' a veto messao•e, proceeds at once to the ques- 
tion of reconsideration. I have had time only to 
look to the provision of the Constitution on the 
subject. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The to 
reconsider the case, and it may reconsider it by 
referrin" it to one of the standincr committees. It 
is a private claim, and I think it ought to be re- 
