THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. O. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2n SESSION. 
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his colleague, 
Mr. M ARTIN, was confined to his room by in- 
disposition. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
SPEAKER'S TABLE. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Has the morning hour ex- 
The SPEAKER. It has. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the special 
order bc postponed for an hour, in order that we 
may proceed to the consideration of the business 
upon the Speaker's table. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 object. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Have 1 not the right to 
make the motion? 
The SPEAKER. Not without the consent of 
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. CLARK,] who 
is entitled to the floor on the special order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask the gentleman from 
Missouri to yield to me for the motion to go to 
the business upon -the Speaker's table. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. How much time 
will the gentleman take? 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not think it will take 
up more than ten minutes. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 hope the gentleman will 
not yield. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I decline to yield. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 give notice that 1 will try/ 
to get the floor durin€y the day to submit tbc m - 
tion I have indicated. 51'he bills upon the Speake 's 
table from the Senate ought to be referred. 
TIIE CRISIS. 
The SPEAKE1i. The hour has arrived for 
resuming the consideration of the special order, 
which is the report of the select committee of 
thirty-three on the disturbed condition of the 
country. On that question the gentleman from 
Missouri [Mr. CLARK] is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. From quarters 
of our country appeals come up to us to preserve, 
if possible, the Union as made by our fathers. 
There is not a member who is not daily implored 
by his constituents to exert every effort within his 
power to preserve the rich legacy left us by our 
fathers, in order that it may be handed down Intact 
toourdescendants. Wesee distinguished citizens, 
men who have served their country in war and in 
peace, in the cou ncilsofthe nation and upon battle- 
fields which crowned our flag with victory—we see 
these men in every section appealing that the Con- 
stitution may be fully carried out, yiotdingtoevery 
section the rights svhich they are entitled to under 
it, and that the national banner may pass through 
the storm and the darkness which surround us 
with ail the power and all the glory that have 
heretofore rendered it respected In every section 
of the Olobe. With a view to that grand result, 
I will to all I can; and in its behalf I speak this 
day. 
State after State, whether rightfully or wrong- 
fully, has withdrawn from t.he Union. They 
have seceded; and we cannot shut our eyes, if we 
would, to the fact that we are now in the midst 
of a great revolution. Coming from a State which 
has always been loyal to the Union, and justly 
estimated the blessings it has conferred, I beg the 
attention of the House while I discuss the causes 
which have led to the present diffculty, and the 
remedies which, in my judgment, are demanded 
for the peace, the integrity, and the honor of the 
Government. In the reunarks I shall submit, I do 
not wish to be understood as intending to be per- 
sonally offensive to any gentleman of the Repub- 
lican party when I take occasion to refer to that 
party. i will, in stating the course of policy on 
tho part of the North which has brought the 
country to its present distracted and excited con- 
dition, adhere closely to the history of the times. 
Witlpundeviatin" veracity I will lay before the 
House the acts, 01) the part of the different sections 
of the Union, which have culminated in the ex- 
isting secession movement. 
Mr. Speaker, all parties will admit that, up to 
the year 1820, there was no serious disturbance 
between the States of this Confederacy, in refer- 
37 
TUESDAY-, JANUARY 29, 1861. 
ence to slave property and the rights of the south- 
ern people, to emio•rate to the Territories with 
their domestic institutions. In that year, Mis- 
souri sought admission into the Union as a State. 
Her people mct in 'convention and framed a con- 
It was brought 
stitution and State government. 
here and presented to Congress. Missouri askcd 
that she might be admitted into the Union as other 
States had been before. She asked admission 
upon ancqual footing with thcother States. Then, 
for the first time in the history of the country, an 
attempt was made to deny to the people the right 
of self-government, the right to form their own 
ffovernment in their own way. The constitution 
of Missouri recognized the institution of slavery, 
and was admitted to be republican in form. It 
complied with all the requirements of the Consti- 
tution of the United States. 
The objection to the admission of Misouri was 
placed solely upon the ground that her 
tion recognized slavery.- 'The consequent excite- 
ment on that occasion is recorded in vivid colors 
in the history of the country. The Union was 
threatened With dissolution. An agitation like it 
had not previously been seen. Missouri x.vas 
denied admission into the Union for one session 
of Congress. That great patriot and statesman, 
/l-lenry Clay, •xvas then in Congress, and ib was 
because of his eloquence, his patriotism, and his 
personal influence, that the Missouri compromise 
was effected. He it was who led the movement 
which restored quiet to the count.ry, and peace, 
harmony, and prosperity to the Union. Missouri 
was admitted under that famous bill which estab- 
lisbed the Missouri compromise line of 360 30' 
We were forced to accept that compromise; the 
South did accept it, not because they believed it 
constitutional, or as granting them all of their 
rights; but because of their love for the Union, 
and theil' dread of the evils which would have 
resulted fl'om u dissolution. They sacrificed at 
that time upon the alt.ar of their country's peace 
the rights which thc Supreme Court of thc United 
States has since, in the Dred Scott case, fully ac- 
knowlcdgcd. 
I ask the Republicans of this House whether, 
up to that tinie, there had been any disturbance 
on the slavery question? I•-lild we not lived in 
fraternal concord? We had fought together north 
and south , contending with each other only to show 
which should most enhancc the glory of the Re- 
public. All was loyalty and devöiion to the Union 
up to the nullification movement of South Caro- 
lina in 1832. 
In the course of events, when the question grew 
up in reference to the acquisition of r rexas, thefe 
was opposition to that acquisition. Where did 
it come from? What was the reason alleged for 
that opposition? The gentleman from Massa- 
chusetts [Mr. ADAMS] yesterday read some reso- 
lutions which were introduced into the Legisla- 
ture of Massachusetts; and those resolutions are 
a truc exponent of the sentiment of that State in 
reference to tho annexation of Texas. Upon that 
acqi.lisition, the House will bear in illind, the Mis- 
souri compromise line was extended. Texas was 
admitted upon the express condition that that line 
should be extended in good faith to the extent of 
our then possessions. 'That was in 1845, if I am 
not mistaken in the date. Sir, the annexation ot 
Texas produced the Mexican war. Daring that 
war 1Mr. Polk was President; and I ask the House 
to remember that the people of the South, without 
respect to party, furnished men and means for 
Ihat war, where we met northern as well as south- 
In that war, we 
ern men upon the battle-field. 
lost many of our distinguished men. A Clay, 
McKee, a Butler, a"Ycll, from the 
NEW SERIES, ....NO.' 37. 
viso was introduced, and an attempt måd6 to,' puf 
restrictions on that territory , oven before i w..as_ae• 
quired, to the prejudice of the South. •While our 
armies wero fighting; our best and noblest men 
dying, our blood being shed, our money paid -to 
acquire territory, there•was a party in this House 
engaged in placino« a restriction upon that •terri- 
tory, and endeavoring to make a discrimination 
to the prejudice of the Soutli. At that particular 
time, after the treaty lyvas made, and New Mexico 
and California and our possessions upon the Paci- 
fic coast -were acquired, and the country, which 
had been enraged at the' efforts to discrim_inate to 
our prejudice, was again. turning to peace, the 
country was again threatened with dissolution; 
and the same great man wlio calmed the •gtoi•m 
in 1820, Henry Clay, found his way again -int6 
the Senate of the United States, •and' in •conjunc- 
tion with patriots and members of -all partieS, 
made the compromise of 1850. A Clay, Citgs, 
a Webster, a Douglas, and many other distin- 
guished members of' various pa'rucs, then acted 
together; not as we are acting nosv, but. they 
calmed the storm which was lowering over us. 
ri'liere was no question with them about Platforms, 
or whether they belonged to one party or the other. 
The only question was, what measures were ne- 
cessary to sustain and preserve our common coun- 
try from disruption and ruin. They rose above 
the propositions of mere partisans to that ofstatesi 
men and patriots, to save a sinking and bleeding 
country. 
At that particular time, when the question of 
the Wilmot proviso and the' disposition of thé 
Territories were under discussion; Mr. DOUGLAS, 
then a member Of the United States Senate, in- 
troduccd a proposition to eitend the Missouri 
compromise to the Pacific ocean, on the line of 
360 30', as it had been extended to our borders 
before. Where were our northern friends then ? 
Did they vote for it? I have the proposition Inade 
by Mr. DOUGLAS upon that occasion. It, is as 
follows: 
Inotion by Mr. I)OUGLAS, to amend thet bill, section 
fourteen, line one, by inserting after the word enacted,' 
'I'hat the line (if 360 30/ of north latitude, knowll as the 
Missouri con)proniisc line, as defined by the oighth section 
01' an act entitled 'An act to authorize the people of the 
Missouri 'I'crritory to a constitution and State govern- 
Incnt, and for tho admission of such State into the Union 
on an equal ft)0tinq with the original States, and to prohibit 
slavery in ecrtain 'iterritories, approved March 6, 1820,' be 
and the sanre is hereby, declared to• extend to the Pacific 
ocean ; and l,he said eighth section, together with the cöm- 
promise therein efiöcted, is hereby revived, and declared 
to be. in full force and binding, the future -organization 
Of the 'l'crrit.ories 01' the United States,-in the same sense, 
and with the saine understanding, with Which it was origin- 
ally adopted : 
It was determined in the aflirnyativ.e—yeas 33, nayg 21. 
On motion by Mr. BALDWIN', the yeas and nays -being 
desired by one fifth of the Senators present, those w*10 voted 
in the an-innative are : 
Mcssrs.- Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton, Berrien, nor- 
land, Bright, Butler, Calhoun,- (kuncron, Davis of Missis- 
sippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Foote; lian- 
ncgan, Houston, [luntcr, Johnson of Marylaud, Johneon 
of T,ouisiana, Johnson Georgia, King, Lewis, Mangum, 
Mason, Mct-ealf, Pearce, Sebastian, Spruance, Sturgeon, 
'I'urncy, Underwood. 
who voted in the newative. arc . 
Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Baldwin, Bradbury, Breese, 
Clark, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton; Dix, 
Dodge, Felch, Green, I-Jale, Hamlin, Miller, Niles, Phelps, 
Upham, Walker, Webster. 
So the proposed amendment was agreed to." 
Mr. DOUGLAS made the proposition In the Sen- 
ate; and every northern Senator, except a few 
Democrats, voted against the extension of the 
compromise line; while every southei•n Senator, 
and every Democrat in that body, except one, 
voted for it. The bill extending this line passed 
i the Senate, and was sent to the House; and when 
the question came to a vote, after an exciting 
ing States, as well as a Hardin, and many others debate, it was rejected by a sectional vote—the 
from the border States, meton the battle-field, and South all voting to extend it, and the North all 
mingled their blood too•ether and died sustaining voting against the extension. 
'I'he compromise of 1850 being made, we again 
the flag of their common country in the acquisi- 
had repose until the time of the Kansas and•Ne-- 
tion of common territory. 
When that war was about to close, and before braska act. When Kansas and NebfaSka. -wore 
about to be orcranized into Territories;a mOtion 
the treaty of peace was signed, there was intro- 
duced into Congress the Wilmot proviso, In view was made and carried to repeal the Missouri com- 
of the acquisition of territory, the MT ilmot pro- promise line, which the North had refused to 
