January 26, 
578 
extend, and which they had, up to that hour, 
denounced by their orators here and elsewhere. 
The South, by the repeal of the Missouri com- 
promise, was only put upon the original ground 
she occupied before the establishment of the Mis- 
souri line, and v„rhich the Supreme Court has de- 
cided to have been unconstitutional. Then it v„ras 
that the Republican party commenced weeping 
and wrailing over what they-were pleased to call 
the ruins of that compromise, which they had 
refused to extend , and which they had denounced 
until it was repealed. But, as soon as it was re- 
pealed, they declared that it was a compromise 
canonized in the hearts of the people, and that its 
repeal was a breach of good faith. And Mr. DOUG- 
LA s, who has lookGd through the future of all these 
troubles, and • madc a record for himself which 
would do honor to any living statesman, was par- 
ticularly assailed for his advocacy of that measure. 
Then came also, pouring into this House, thc pe- 
titions of the clergymen of the North, denounc- 
ing the repeal of the Missouri compromise. Then 
the Republican party was formed, which has so 
rapidly increased, that now they have elected 
theiu• candidate for the Presidency. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask this House, is it any 
Wonder that the South is excited ? We are equals 
in this Union; and we claim the, same constitu- 
tional rights, and claim to be entitled to the same 
constitutional guarantees, that any other portion 
of the Confederacy possesses. From the time 
that the Republican party was formed, as I have 
told you, we have had no peace. The country 
has been excited continually from that time until 
now. These evils have increased until they have 
reached a culminating point; and it now depends 
upon the action of this party v.rhother this Gov- 
ernmcnt is to contil'lue and this Union be pre- 
served, or whether it is to be destroyed. State 
after State has seceded and withdrawn ; their Rep- 
rescntatives have vacated their seats in this Hall. 
Sir, those empty seats speak with an eloquence 
which should command the attention of patriots 
of all parties. 
What has produced this state of things? Who 
have produced it? Havc the South ever imposed 
upon the North? Have they ever initiated any 
proceedings to take from the North their political 
rights in the Territories, or their rights of person 
and property anywhere? I deny that anything 
can be produced to show that any portion of the 
southern States have made encroachments, in any 
respect, upon the northern section of the Union. 
Against all these encroachments of the North 
the South have complained. 
apon the South, 
Sometimes they have threatened; but for the 
greater part they have held up the Constitution, 
and have shown the structure and framework of 
the Government, and under them have asked the 
North to give them the equality to which they 
are entitled under the Constitution. They have 
asked the North not to trespass upon the consti- 
tutional rights of their section. But, notwith- 
standing, the North have persisted in their course 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
and happiness. When we had the c'xecutive and 
judicial arm, and the legislative power of the 
Government, although these encroachments were 
advancing upon us, we had the power; and that 
power we could exercise to secure our safety, 
having the fortress of the Constitution. The dif- 
ferent departments of the Federal Government 
upon our side gave us safety and repose. When 
we lost the executive power of the Government, 
and it was transfcrrcd to the Republican party, 
the South begal'i to look around for means to 
strengthen their fortress, or to change their posi- 
tion. 
In this connection I wish to say, that whether 
a State has a constitutional right to secede, or 
whether the action of a State in seceding is rev- 
olutionary, I shall not consume the time of the i 
I consider that no State, and 
House to discuss. 
no citizens of a State, will ever secede from the 
Federal Government until their grievances arc 
too heavy to be borne; and when that is the case, 
all admit that they have the right of revolution, 
and can change their form of government when- 
ever thcy please. Whether, tl{en, it be secession 
or revolution, it is useless now to inquire or dis- 
cuss. We have to deal with the facts before us; 
and, if we can, to arrest the progress of that rev- 
olution, save the country, and keep the stars and 
stripes of this blessed Union floating. Nothing 
nox.v remains for the patriot but to address him- 
self to the work of healing the breach between 
the two sections of this Confederacy. Five States 
have gone out of the Union; whether rightfully 
or wrongfully, they have denied the Federal au- 
thority, and have set up their own jurisdiction. 
We have to deal with this fact. 
We were asked, the other day, by the gentle- 
man from Ohio, [Mr. SHERMAN,] what the Re- 
publican party had done? Said he: " what have 
we 
we done, except to elect our President? 
claim that they have done a great deal; and when 
I answer the gentleman 's question, I want it dis- 
tinctly understood that I do not impugn the mo- 
tives of any one, nor do design to make a per- 
sonal application of my remarks to any particular 
other obstacle that may be in the way of adjusting 
our present diffculties, the honest, Union-loving 
masses of Pennsylvania will, when the opportu- 
nity first presents itself, consign the leaders of 
that party to their political graves, from which 
they will not rise until the day of resurrection. 
It shall not be said that any act of Pennsylvania 
is a thorn jn the side of the South, irritating that 
portion of the Confcdcracy to secession. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 think 
not havo as much hope of the Legislature as he 
has of the people of Pennsylvania. He ought to 
have said that. 
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 give notice that 1 shall 
object to these interruptions being taken out of 
the time of the gentleman from Missouri. 
Mr. KILGORE. ask the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania [Mr. MCKENTY] if the per- 
sonal liberty laws of his State were not passed by 
a Democratic Legislature ? 
I was glad to hear 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
the remark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, 
who int.errnpted me. The gentleman from Indi- 
ana asks him if a Democratic Legislature did not 
pass the lam.•vs of which we complain. 
care not, 
sir, whether it was a Democratic Legislature or 
I am not now dealing with parlies. 
otherwise. 
I am dealing with the causes which produce the 
disruption of our Government, and T,vhich it is in 
the power of the Republican party to remove. 
Mr. McPHERSON. With the permission of 
the genfleman from Missouri, I will state, for his 
information, that, no matter what was the com- 
plexion of the Legislatures that passed those en- 
actments, both the Governors who signed them 
belonged to the Democratic party. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman ought in 
ju+ice to add, that the Governor who signed the 
bi114,to repeal one of them was also a Democratic 
Govb„rnor. 
MR.'JUNKIN. 1 understodd the gentleman 
from Missouri to state that in Pennsylvania we 
have a law which forbids the use of our jails for 
the purpose of securing fugitive slaves? 
I did not say that. 
Mr. CLARK, ofMissouri. 
member of the Republican party. The question ! Mr. JUNK IN. I have no doubt that that im- 
asked was: wkiat has been done giving the South pression has prevailed, however, for I have seen 
It stated as a fact in the newspapers. Such a law 
cause of complaint? I answer that the Abolition- 
was madc in 1847, but it was repealed in 1852, 
ists and Free-Soilers of the free States have, for 
more than thirty years, assailed the institution of and is not now upon our statute-book. 
never said that 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
slavery in the southern States. They deny to us 
a common property in the Territories; those Ter- Pennsylvania had such a law, and I never thought 
so; for I am in the habit of reading the statutes of 
of wrong and oppression. 
Sir, it has been asked by some if the election of 
Mr. Lincoln was any cause for a dissolution of 
the Union? 1 say emphatically, that I do not con- 
sider that it is a sufficient cause of itself. The 
election of a President is in no case a sufficient 
I believe in the power, the intelligence, 
cause. 
I rec- 
and the integrity of the American people. 
ognize the Constitution of my country as a bond 
of union; and when I take the oatll to support 
in my judg- 
that Constitution, I take an oath, 
ment, to bow to the majority and will of the peo- 
pie constitutionally expressed. But while I make 
this admission, I want to tell my northern friends 
of the Republican party, that it is not the election 
ritories acquired equally by our blood and treas- 
ure as by yours, making it a condition that we 
shall migrate to them only with such property 
as is recognized in the free States. A gentleman 
on the other side of the House said the other day 
that they imposed no restrictions upon the South; 
that when the citizens of the free States moved 
into the Territories they carried no slaves with 
them, and that they were w'illing to permit the 
slave States to carry there all they carried. The 
doctrine of the Constitution is, that each State 
has a right to regulate its domestic affairs in its 
own way, to establish its own institutions, and 
to recorynize as property whatever its citizens see 
proper, in the formation of' their fundamental law; 
the doctrine of the Constitution is, that the citi- 
zens of each State shall have the same rights and 
privileges as the citizcns of the several States. 
The Territories were acquired by the several 
Pennsylvania and of most, the other States, and 
I never supposed that Pennsylvania had such a 
law. 
The Republican party of the North have de- 
clared in their national convention, as a solution 
of the slavery question—and they have clected a 
President pledged to that doctrine—that all men are 
free and equal; and this doctrine of negro equality 
is carried into practical effect in the States of New 
York, Massachusetts, and Ohio, where negroes 
are allowed to vote for President and members of 
Congress. Associations have been organized in 
many of the free, States, without rebuke from the 
Republican party in any organized form, to steal 
our slaves and to prevent their 
recapture. 
show that such associations are countenanced in 
hicrh places, I have only to instance the refusal of 
the Governor of Ohio, upon a late occasion, to give 
States; and it is, therefore, a violation of good I up persons charged with negro stealing, on the 
requisitions of thc Governors of Kentucky and 
faith, and of our constitutional rights, to restrict 
our citizens from carrying into the common Ter- Tennessee, on the ground that negro stealing 
not a crnne in the State of Ohio. Citizens from 
ritories whatever is regarded as property in the 
your States have invaded southern soil for the 
States v,rhence they emigrate. 
The North havé enacted laws in many of their purpose of liberating slaves, and have murdered 
States nullifying the provision of the Constitution unoffending citizens; and the people in many local- 
ities in your States have, in public meetings and 
of the United States for the rendition of fugitive 
slaves, refusing the use of their jails for the cus- otherwise, bestowed praise and eulogium upon 
of NIr. Lincoln alone which has created this alarm 
tody of the prisoners, and making it a penal of- the assassins; and the Executives of several States 
in 1 ile South. The facts which have named; the 
history which I have given; the encroachments fense for any one to aid in the execution of the have refused to deliver up parties implicated in 
which I have alluded to, connected vgith the opin- 
ions which Mr. Lincoln is known to entertain; 
the platform of principles upon which he was 
elected; the construction which he gives to the 
Constitution and to the decision of the Supreme 
, looking to the use of the executive arrn 
of this Government, and of the power of the party 
which hag, in years gone by, trespassed, as we 
think, upon our constitutional rights;—these, all• 
these, are what give us alarm, and admonish the 
South to look out in time to secure additional 
constitutional guarantees for their safety, peace, 
fugitive slave lavv'. Justice requires that 1 should II the treason. Many distinguished members of the 
say here, that there seems to bc a disposition in I E Republican party have declared their iRtention to 
remodel the Supremo Court, and to put it on the 
many of the free States to repeal those obnoxious 
laws. Théy have not yet, however, been rc- E side of freedom. They have declared that their 
I hope party power shall be used for the expansion of 
pealed in more than one or two States. 
freedom and the contraction of slavery; afd that 
they will all be repealed without delay. 
Mr. McKENTY. I would say to the gentle- with Lincoln's clection American slavery is at an 
end. They have, in many of the free States, ar- 
man from Missouri that there is bill before tho 
Legislature of Pennsylvania at this time, to repeal 
rayed the schools, churches, and presses with 
the obnoxious sections of the act to which he re- , great unanimity against the South; and the idea 
is inculcated by them that it is the duty of the 
If the Republican party, who are nov.,' in 
fers. 
power there, do not repeal them, or remove any people to exterminate slavery at anysacrificc and 
