1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
583 
many votes. It comes with ill grace, 1 respect- 
fully submit, from the Democratic party, to be 
preaching about standing up to the Dred Scott de- 
cision, when you cannot to-day get them to pledge 
themselves that the Supreme Court, evcn the pres- 
ent court, is to be the arbiter on all questions 
arising under the Constitution. They never have 
done so. They denounced the decision of the 
Supreme Court in the case of the United States 
Bank; and although they had General Jackson in 
the Presidencv , other Presidents of the same faith, 
and had the control of almost every State govern- 
ment, they never tried to amend the Constitution 
in that respect, or to take away the effect of that 
decision; never! The Republican party vcry im- 
properly follow a bad example which was set for 
them; but, I imagine, with no better success. 
Experience, under the decision, will not require 
I 
I tell you it never will be done. 
its reversal. 
tell you, gentlemen, that, in my opinion, the more 
that is understood by gentlemen of the North and 
South, the less inclined will they be to disturb it. 
It was well said by the gentleman from Virginia, 
[Mr. MILLS decison, mark you, con- 
nected with this Kansas trouble—that It gave to 
the North the kernel, and to the South the hull; 
and that is about the whole of it. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have presented these con- 
sidcrations, hoping thereby to get us in proper 
frame of mind and disposition to work for the 
peace of this country, becausc I desire to do my 
duty, and my whole duty, while anx in the 
Union; and if I am forced to go out of it, I may 
I tell gen- 
be also enabled Lo do my duty then. 
Ilemen that if, iii spite of all the efforts of wise 
and good men, the State from which I come dc- 
cides to dissolvc her connection with this Gov- 
ernment, my destinies are, and will be, s.vith her. 
i know that when that event occurs peace cannot 
long continue. A war, a terrible war, will ensue. 
-whenever the people of the North and South 
have once appealed to the God of hattles, for 
which I look with most fearful apprehension, a 
civil war will follow that will end only in the dc- 
struction of all the great interests of all sections of 
the country. 'Whenevcrt&at event comes, I know 
my duty; and whether I have thc nerve to be there 
rnysclf or not, I know that such will be my duty, 
and that it will also be my duty to devote to the ser- 
vice my means, myself, and my children. *When- 
ever that struggle comes, you will find, North and 
South, that the men who have sought most to 
preservc the Union, who have been the last to 
(Five it up, wili be the first men to be found in the 
rank and file on both sides of the bloody contest, 
their means most liberally and freely be devoted 
to helping and maintaining the great, terrific, and 
bloody struggle, and they will enter it on either 
side for victory or death; and if they fail in their 
efforts for the first, they will be found with their 
back to the field, and their feet to thc foe. 
I want gentlemen North and South to mark my 
words: when these things corne, when this bloody 
strife ensues, as it certainly will unless this spint 
of disunion can be checked; when, mark you, this 
country shall be laid waste; when all our channels 
and communications of trade shall be broken up; 
when the shipping in our ports shall be destroyed; 
when our institutions oflcarning and religion shall 
wither away or be torn down; when your cities 
shall be given up for plunder and for slaughter; 
when your sons and my sons, your neighbors and 
my neighbors, shall be carried from this bloody 
field of strife; and our mothers, our sisters, our 
wives, and our daughters, shall assemble around 
us, and, with weeping eyes and aching hearts, 
say: 'G Could not you have done something, could 
not you have said something, that would have 
averted this dreadful calamity I want to feel in 
my conscience and in my soul that I have done my 
duty. [Suppressed applause.] I want you,fellow- 
men of the North, to be able to say that, upon a mere 
abstraction, that upon a question of no practical 
importance, you have not held out and refused to 
yield for the sake of giving peace to the country ? 
I ask you, a«ain, if you cannot give up this mere 
abstraction? For, Wilh all due respect, i can never 
envy the feelingsof the man, North orSouth5 who, 
when that day of butchery and destruction shall 
come, wilk feel in his heart that he stood out on a 
mere point of etiquette; that if he had yielded a 
matter ofno practical im portance to him, or his con- 
stit.uents, all trouble could have been avoided. I 
ask gentlemen, North and South, if they will not 
avowed and determined policy was to make free- 
unite in settling these abstract questions, and give 
dom national, and slavery sectionål." Thi€ put, 
peaco to tho country? 
pose of our republican- fathers -met With-little éF bp 
Mr. ALLEY obtained the floor. 
opposition Noith or _ South. "The ÜnitedStätéé, 
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague yield fora 
ushered into being by heroes- and, påiÉiötS' of 
motion to adjourn? 
Mr. ALLEY. I yield for that purpose, 
the Revolution, started upon a career Of.pi•ogré" 
and glory, with a success unparalleled in the 'biå- 
Mr. DAWES moved that the Housc adjourn. 
The motion was disagreed to. 
tory of the worfd, with the sentiment of oppoéir 
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is said we are 
tion to the extension of slavery inscribéd upon its 
in the midst of a revolution. We are told that 
banner in words of liying light'. 
this mighty political fhbric of ours, erected and 
When we. look at the prosperity of the teeming 
millions who now inhabit that vast western germ- 
bequeathed to us by our fathers, consecrated by 
then• prayers, and cemented by their blood, is to 
tory from which slavery w-as excluded by ' the 
be overthrown. I have ever believed that this 
wisdom, the sagacity, and humanity of our "vo- 
could never occur; for I have had too much faith 
lutionary fathers, should we not be degenerate 
sons of most noble sires, if we could look with 
in the wisdom of man to believe that a Union of 
indifference upon the extension of the blight and 
I such inestimable value to all the material, social, 
curse of slavery? Virginia's noblest son, and the 
and political interests of that section which is the 
only one that has ever seriously ifireatened its 
world 's greatest man , stood where the Republican, 
party stand -to-day upon this question of slavery. 
destruction, could be dissolved by the action of 
So with all her eminent statesmen up to a very 
those whose in terests, above all others ', that Union 
recent period. Nearly all-the gifted statesmen of 
alone could defend and preserve. History, either 
the South have left upon record th'eir.testimöny 
ancient or modern, furnishes no parallel to such 
the extension of slavery. And are to 
political suicide. 
be accuscd of a want of fidelity to •our constitu- 
But we must deal with facts as they are. Un- 
tional obligations for merely reöchoing these sen- 
accountably strange as it may appear, it is no less 
timents of the most honored sons of the South? 
true than strange, that several sovereign States of 
is this Government to be overthrown because we 
this Union have dissolved, so. far as they could, 
cherish the sentiments of Washington, Henry, 
all allegiance to this Government, and declared 
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Pinckney, •and 
themsw vcs independent. Sir, a responsibility 
Clay ? all of them men whom the South delighted 
rests upon us in this emergency weightier than 
to honor? Who ever heard of such madness and 
any ever beforc placed upon the Representatives 
of the people since the foundation of the Govern- 
Casting aside all considerations of the question 
ment. 
of slavery in its moral aspect, is there anything 
In order that we may dischargc our duty to our 
to commend it to our favorable regard as a ques- 
constituents, to the country, and to mankind, it 
tion of political economy? Contrast the slave 
may be well to inquire what are the causes of this 
States with the free States, not invidiously, but 
commotion, what will be the, effect of disruption, 
candidly, fairly, and honeStly. Take them sep- 
and where is the remedy to be found which is to 
arately or collectively, and how will the slave 
allaey its aggravation, if not to curc this overshad- 
States compare with the free States? Whether 
owinrr evil? In order to do this, we should becalm 
you take those that arc as old as the' Constitution, 
and dispassionate, and irwestigate, not as heated 
or those which -have been admitted since, all bear 
partisans, but in the spiritofpatriotism and states- 
evidence of the fact that slavery is butan incubus 
manship. For one, I would subordinate every 
upon the growth and prosperity of every State 
consideration of party triumph to the salvation 
that tolerates it within its borders; a curse that 
of this Government, and the establishment of fra- 
paralyzes its energies, and hinders its develop- 
ternal relations between the different. sections of 
ment. How is it with the free States? The least 
this great Confederacy. But I would never sac- 
prosperous of the free States, whether you take 
rifice and trample upon thc eternal principles of 
the old or the new, is more flourishing than the 
right to save this Government or any other. 
best of the slave States; whether you regard their 
As to the causes of the troubles that arc upon 
material interests or their gencral intelligence. 
us, the history of the world shows that no slight 
Now, is there a candid Inan outside of this con- 
causes can ever produce revolution in national 
trovcrsy that will not say that these statdments 
Govern ments,with a reasonably intelligent people. 
are exactly true; that the policy of the fathers of 
The seeds of the first French revolution were 
the Republic was to favor freedom and prevent 
lanted, and almost in full fruition, long before 
the extension of slavery; that the growth and 
ouis XVI was born. That revolution culmi- 
prosperity of the free States, and the languishing 
natcd in thö- establishment of a despotism; which 
condition of many of the slave States, prove con- 
was, however, preferablc to the rule of that great- 
clusivcly that freedom favors growth and pros- 
cst of French Kings, Louis XIV, the usurpations, 
perity; while slavery, on the other hand, prevents 
tw«ressions, and crimes of whose reign paled into 
expansion and development? If this be so, and 
utter insignificance the errors and miydeeds of him 
such was the practice of our fathers, whose mem- 
whom France beheaded. So it Was with the Amcr- 
ory we cherish with enthusiastic reverence, why 
icap Revolution, which resulted in the establish- 
blame us for practicing upon their precepts-and 
ment of our independence. The people bore and 
profiting by their example ? 
forebore, for a long scries of years, the aggres- 
Butitis said by southern men now, that Wash- 
sions of the mother country, rather than resort to 
ington, Henry, Jefferson, Madison, and others of 
the arbitrament of the sword. And it may not be 
the past were mistaken. Mistaken! Does the 
unprofitable to remember, that previous to the 
growth, prosperity, and power of the mighty 
battle of Lexington, on the 19th of April, 1775, 
West—which was a howling wilderness, almost 
there was a strong reaction in the public mind, 
untrod by the step of civilized man, when they 
which rendered it extremely doubtful t.vhether tho 
ordained that slavery should never exist upon 
measures inaugurated by the Continental Con- 
I that virgin soil—prove that they were mistaken ? 
gress of 1774 would be sustained by the peoplc. 
Is there anything in the present condition of their 
Bat that conflict of arms on the plains of Lexing- 
own beloved Virginia, whom one of her own elo- 
ton settled the question. So, I apprehend, it may 
quent sons whom she delights to honor, now rep- 
be with us. The first drop of blood that is shed 
resenting this country at the Court of France, said 
will be the signal, I fear, for a sanguinary con- 
of her but a few years ago, in contrasting her con- 
flict, that must end in a war of devastation, if not 
dition with that of Ohio, ' 'she was barren, deso- 
extermination, of one section of this country, 
late, and* seared, as it were, by the avenging hand 
i' which the soul sickens to contemplate. 
of Heaven. " 
"And to what," he exclaimed, "is 
The South tells us that the North has been acr- 
gressive upon their rights and interests, and deny all this ascribable?" "Alone to the witheriog, 
Is there anything, I 
blasting effects of slavery. 
to them equal privileges under the Constitution. 
Let us examine this charge; and God forbid that say, in this, to prove they were mistaken? Not 
by any means. Experience has shown their al- 
I should say or do anything to agffravate existinø 
evils at the present moment. Nobody denies that most superhuman wisdom in that ordinance Of 
the fathers of the Republic, were opposed to the ex- 1787. No! Sooner than condemn the great and 
tensi0)') i good men of the early days of the Republic, should 
and political evil, to be tolerated upon no other we not rather say, with a great southern states- 
o•round than that of uncontrollable necessity. One man, now no more, "nerveless be the arm, and 
of their first acts was to limit and circumscribe ! palsied forever be the tongue, that should talk and 
slavery by prohibiting its introduction into all the I vote in favor of the extension ofhånpan slavcx•y 
territory belonging to the United States. Their ! t Notwithstandingweshow thé position of the Re- 
