586 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28, 
to avert it. But there is a point beyond which 
forbearance ceases to be a virtue;" and •svhcn the 
dread alternative comes, if come it must, every 
patriot will say that the integrity of'the Govern- 
ment must be maintained, and the flag of out' 
country defended at any cost and every hazard. 
The decendants of those who foucrht at Lexington 
and Concord,- . Bunker Hill ana Saratoga, will 
never see our star-spangled banner trailing in the 
dust; 
Mr. Speaker, whether this Government is to 
stand or fall in its present entirety, is known but 
to Him whose eye alone penetrates the future; 
but whether it stand or fall, I have faith in the 
wisdom and patriotism of the American people; 
and-if . we are only true to our convictions, we 
have a future most hopeful, a mission most im- 
portant, and a destiny most glorious. 
Mr. P II YOR obtained the floor, but yielded to 
Mr. GARNETT, who moved that the House 
adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at 
a quarter before five o 'clock) the House adjourned 
until Monday next. 
IN SENATE. 
M0NDhY, January 28, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap- 
proved. 
A message, in writing, was received from the 
President of the United States, by Mr. GLOSS- 
BRENNER, his Secretary. 
COMMUNICATIONS. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- 
ate report of the.Secrctary of thc Navy, in an- 
swer to resolution of the 19th instant, instructing 
tho Secretary of the Navy to inform the Senate 
whether he has accepted, cither with or without 
condition, any drafts, or orders, or requests, to 
pay money to the Chiriqui Improvemenl Com- 
pany and Ambrose W. r hompson, or either of 
them, or any onc else for them, or cither of them; 
and if so, the dates and amounts of such accept- 
ances. 
Mr. HALE. r move that tne communication 
be laid on the table, and be printed. 
ThcViCEPRESIDENT. The motion to print 
will go to the Committee on Printing. 
Mr. HALE. Must a motion to print a com- 
munication from an Executive Department go to 
the Committee on Printing ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks 
so. 
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the 
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, com- 
municating, in obedience, to law, a list of clerks 
and other ctnployés of that Department for the 
yctu• 1860; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
I•lc n.lso laid before the Senate a rcport of the 
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience 
to law, statements showing t.hc contracts madc 
under the authority of that Department durino• 
the year 1860; which,.on motion of Mr. WILSON, 
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs 
and Militia. 
He also laid before the Senate a report of the 
Secretary of War, in answer to a rcsolution of 
the Senate calkinæ for the report of Major Carle- 
ton, rclative to the Mountain Mcadowys massacre; 
which, on motion of Mr. WILSON, was referred 
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia. 
MESSAGE FROM IIOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAYs, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed t.he following bills; in which 
the concurrence of the Senate was requested: 
A bill (No. 752) granting an invalid pension to 
Jacob Gates; and 
A bill (No. 828) for thc relief of Amanda Batts, 
Laura P. W, Young, and Betsey Murdock, heirs 
of Barbara 3vVa1ker. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
mitting, in compliance. with a resolution of the 
House of Representatives of the 3d January, 1861, 
the report of the superintendent of ordnance at the 
Washington navy-yard on rifled cannon and the 
armament of ships-of-war—ordered at twelve 
o'clock and ten minutes. 
Report of Lieutenant John Mullan, called for 
by the resolution of the House of Representatives 
of the 18th of December, 1860—ordered at twelve 
o'clock and eleven minutes. 
BILL BECOME A LAW. 
A message from the President of the United 
States, by Mr. GLOSSBRENNE,n, his Secretary, 
announced that the President had approved and 
signed, on the 26th instant, an act (S. No. 97) to 
authorize the institution of a suit against the Uni- 
ted States, to test the title to lots Nos. 5 and 6, 
in the Hospital square, in San Francisco. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens 
of Oswego county, New York, remonstrating 
a«ainst any legislation under or by which the 
local institütion of slavery may be extended into 
any Territories of the United States, whether 
north or south of the old Missouri compromise 
line; which N,vas ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented the petition of Daniel D. 
Foote, of Dobb's Ferry, New York, asking that 
the rights of the people in all the States and Ter- 
ritorics be recocynized; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
HO also prcsented memorial of seven hundred 
citizens of the State of New York, praying the 
speedy adoption of such measures as will restore 
peacc and harmony to the country; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
Hc also prcsented a petition of citizens of Ge- 
nova, Ontario county, New York, praying the 
passage, durino• the present session of Congress, 
ofa law to allow pcnsions to the, militia and other 
soldiers and officers of the war of 1812, and their 
widows; which was referred to the Committee 
on Pensions. 
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of im- 
porters of hardware, at Philadelphia, in relation 
to the duty on articles manufactured of iron and 
steel; which was referred to the select committec 
on the tariff bill of thc House of Representa- 
tives. 
Mr. WILSON. Ipresentthepetition of Moses 
Davenport and others, citizens of Newburyport, 
Massachusetts, asking for the passage ofthc com- 
promise resolutions of Mr. CRITTENDEN. I under- 
stand that thesc petitioners ask for an amendment 
to thc Constitution of the United States recogniz- 
inq and protecting slavery south of 360 30' in ex- 
istmg territory, and in territory not yct purchased , 
conqucred, or stolen. They ask that the Consti- 
tution may bc amended so as to prevent the Gen- 
era) Governnunt fronl abolishing slavery in the 
District of Cohunbia while it exists in Virginia; 
and to havo the Constitution amended so that the 
citizens of Massachusetts of the African race, 
had the right of suffrage since 1780, 
who I'lavo 
shall bc denied that right; and the consideration, 
I believe, is the equalizationofthcfeesofthe com- 
I Inovc 
missioners under the fugitive slave law. 
that it lic on the table. 
It was so ordered. 
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens 
of Snyder county, Pennsylvania, praying the 
adoption of the compromise measures proposed 
by Hon. Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which was-ordered to 
lic on the table. 
The message further announced that the House 
on the 25th instant, the printing of 
had ordered, 
the following documents: 
Letter from the acting Secretary of the Interior, I 
presenting the account of E. A. Doslonde, for 
clerk hire, under act of August 18, 1855—ordered 
at twelvc o'clock and nine minutes. 
Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans- 
He also present.ed a petition of citizens of Car- 
bon county, Pennsylvania, pra.ying the adoption 
of the comprornise measures proposed by Hon. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 present the petition of 
liarn Rabé, secretary of the Pacific railroad con- 
ventions held in the cities of San Francisco and 
Sacramento, in the State of California, in the years 
1858 and 1859, praying the passage of the Pacific 
I move that it lie on the table, and 
railroad bill. 
be print.ed. 
The VicE PRESIDFNT. The memorial will 
lie on the table; and the rnotion to print will be 
reterred to the Committec on Printing. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 have 
been charged with several petitions, which I take 
pleasure in presenting to the Senate. Here is •a 
petition from citizens of the State of Massachu- 
setts : 
'I'he undérsjgncd,• citizens of the State o? Massachusetts, 
believing that the proposition of Hon. JOHN J. CRITTENDEN, 
of the quest'ions now disturbing the peace of the country, 
respectfUlly pray that the same Inay be adopted. 
Here is a petition on the same subject from 
citizens of Grand Rapids, in the State of Michi- 
gan, without distinction of party, presenting the 
same appeal and prayer to the Senate. Here is 
another, addressed to the Senate and House of 
Representatives: 
The undersigned, citizens and voters, residents of Her- 
kimer county, in the State. of New York, solemnly beg and 
entreat that Congress will pass the Crittenden resolutions, 
and give us the opportunity to vote on and decide at the 
ballot-box the constitutional amendments in those resolu- 
tions embraced ; and your memorialists will ever pray. 
Next is a petition of citizens of the State of 
Michigan, who, without distinction of party, re- 
spectfully memorialize the Congrns.s of the United 
States to adopt my resolutions, as a reasonable 
and just basis for the adjustment of the national 
diffcultics which nox.v distract, impoverish, and 
demoralize the country; or, congressional adjust- 
ment proving impracticable, then to refer dirbctly 
to the people of all the States, for their action, the 
Crittenden propositions, so called. 
I have another petition from citizens of the 
State of Michigan, to the same effect precisely. 
Here is another, also from citizens of Michigan, 
in the samc language; another from citizens of the 
I izens of the same State, to the same effect; an- 
other from citizens of the same State, to the same 
It is a very patriotic State that is coming 
effect. 
I move that all these peti- 
up, Mr. President. 
tions lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the Senate to introduce a bill of v,'hich notice 
has not becn given, for the purpose of having it 
printed and laid on the tables of Senators. 
Lcavc was grantcd; and the bill (S. No. 549) 
amendatory of, and supplemental to, the acts 
approved February 12, 1793, and September 18, 
1850, in respect to fugitives from justice, and 
from sm•vicc, was read the first and second limes 
Mr. DOUGLAS. f move that it lie on the 
table, and be printed. 
Mr. MASON. Does the Senator propose to 
rcfcr it? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall be prepared to refer 
it, if any Senator wants it referred, after it shall 
have been printed. 
Mr. MASON. I think it ought to be referred. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am willing to refer it now, 
if Senators wish it. Let it be referred to the Com- 
mittee on the Judiciary. 
The bill was referred to the Committec on the 
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
I Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Post 
I Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the 
bill (H. R. No. 811) for the relief of H. Bledsoe, 
Bryson C. Scott, William Doty, 
arid others, reported it with an amendment, and 
recommended its passtwe. 
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the Post 
Oflice and Post Roads, to whom was referred the 
bill (H. R. No. 920) for the relief of M. 
Hickox and A. M. Pettingill, of Vigo county, 
Indiana, reported it without amendment, and rec- 
ommended its passaøe. 
MRS. n. A. LINN. 
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution; 
which was considered, by unanimous consent, 
and agreed to: 
Resoh•ed, That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed 
to inttn•m the Senate if hc has executed the order of the 
Senate in favor of Mrs. E. A. Linn, widow of the late 
Lewis F. Linn, formerly a member of this body, passed 
March 20, 1860, and if he has not, the reason why. 
LAND OFFICE REPORT. 
Mr. FITCI-f. The Committee on Printing, to 
whom was referred the föliowing resolution, ré- 
i port it back, having filled the ,blanks, and recom- 
mend its adoption: 
Resolved, That there be printed six thousand copies of 
the report of the ('.'ormnissioner of Public Lands—five thou- 
sand for the use of the Senate mid one thousand for the use 
of the General Land Offce. 
