18610 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I WiM say to ] 
the Senate that this resolution originated with the 
Committee on Public Lands. It is a resolution 
that ig designed to distribute tho Land Offce 
report to the exhent of the order proposed here. 
The information which is communicated in the 
report of the Commissioner of Public Lands, at 
this session of Congress, is very valuable. The 
great reputation of the offcer at the head of that II 
bureau, and his extraordinary abilities, are famil- 
iar,l believe, to every member oftheSenate. I fvill il 
state that I have caused to be prepared a synop- 
sis that is perhaps too long to bc read now, call- 
ing especially the attention of the Senate to the 
contents of the report. There never has been 
made a report so full and so entirely satisfactory 
from that bureau, from the day of its origin to 
the present time. It is a report of unequaled 
ability; it is a report unequaleq in the extent and 
the accuracy and the •satisfactory character of 
the information that it gives. 
I hope and trust 
that this resolution from the Committee on Pub- 
lic Printing, which was put on foot at the instance 
of the Committee on Public LRnds, will be adopted 
at once, and this order given bv the Senate. The 
report itself is, from this time Forward, I have no 
question, to become the hand-book of overy stu- 
dent of our system of public lands, and every 
student of the geographical character and history 
of the United States. 
can have no question 
that it will be adopted. I hope that it may. 
'llhe resolution was agreed to. 
PROCEEDINGS OF MEETINGS. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am requested to pre- 
sent an appeal to the Senate by the presidents of 
a great amount and extent of railroad property 
in this country, who met here recently on busi- 
ness connected with those railroads; and, havincy 
finished that business, thought that they might, • 
without impropriety, venture to express their 
opinions on the great subject of the day. They 
did also unanimously pass resolutions declaratory 
of their opinion, and a resolution requesting tha 
I should present them to the Senate, which 
not..v do, and ask that they be read. 
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Secretary will 
read the memorial. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
WILLARD'S HOTEL, 
WASHINGTON (hTY, January 23, 1861. 
At a meeting of the representat.ive.s of the four great. East 
and West railroad lines, and their princlpal connections, 
held in this city, the fOlIowing named pcrsons being pres- 
ent: 
J. Edgar Thomson, president Pennsylvania Central Rail- 
road Convany ; Erastus Corning, president New York Cen- 
tral Railroad Connpany; C. Vibbard, general superintendent 
New York Central Railroad C.fompany; Nathan iel Marsh, re- 
cciver New York and Erie railroad ; S. M. Felton, president 
Phi\adelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore Railroad Com- 
pauy•, Thomas L. Jewett, presidcnt Pittsburg, Colarnbus, 
and Cincinnati Railroad Company ; John W. Garrett, pres- 
ident Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company ; S. S. L' Hom- 
xnedieu, president Cincinnati, Hamilton, and Dayton Raik- 
road Company ; Warren Colburn, vice president 'l'oledo and 
Wabash Railroad Company; J. J. Houston, general agent 
Fort Wayne, and Chicago Railroad Company; 
Pit.tsburc, 
John S. Barbour, president ()range a-nd Aicxandria Railroad I 
Barlow, president of the Ohio and 
Company; S, M. L. 
Mississippi Railroad Company; John R. Thon)son, scen- 
tary Camden and Amboy Railroad Company; C. S. 'Itap- 
pan. general agent Philadelphia and Elmira line ; Larz An- I 
derson, director Little Miami Railroad— 
Mr. HALE. i rise toa question of order. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
suspend the. reading of the paper. 
Mr. HALE. I want to know if that is a. peti- 
tion or a memorial addressed to the Senate. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes. 
CONGRESSIO AL GLOBE. 
587 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. stated exactly what 
it was; that they had passed the resolutions ex- 
pressive of their views; and, by an additional res- 
olution, declared that they should be presented to 
the Senate, and that I should present them. I 
take that to be, in substance, an address to the 
Senate. 
Mr. HALE. I object to its reception. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. well, 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is, 
" Shall the naper be read ?" 
Mr. HAL¯E. I do not object to its reading, but 
to its reception. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 suppose that is a 
question of order to be decided by the Presiding 
()ffcer. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Presid- 
ing Offccr, upon the statement of the Senator 
from Kentucky, and upon the action of the Sen- 
ate on tW'0 occasions within the last week, must 
decide that, not being a memorial, it. cannot be 
received. 
Mr. HALE. very well, sir. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. *rhe Senate so 
decided. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Cannot a citizen ap- 
peal to Congröss in the language of resolution ns 
well as any other förm of petition? There is no 
form of petition given. 'The Constitution only 
guaranties to citizens the right of petitioning Con- 
do not see the distinction. 
(rress. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would 
call the attention of the Senator from Kentucky 
to the fact that his colleague the other day pre- 
sented resolutions passed by a convention in the 
State of Kentucky, which were sent to him with 
the request that they should be laid before the 
and on the vote of the Senate, the paper 
was not received, because it was not a memorial. 
The other day, afterwards, a similar resolution 
was presented by some other Senator, and by a 
vote of the Senate not received upon the same 
ground. The Senator from Missouri, think, 
offered resolutions adopted at a great meeting at 
St. Louis. 
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir. 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. This seems to be 
of the same character, and the Chair feels himself 
bound' by the action of the Senate on those oc- 
casions. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President— 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to 
say a word? I was asvare of that action of the 
Senate on the cases alluded to by the Chair, and 
thcrefore declined the request of a public meeting 
in my State to present their proceedings to the 
Senate, and informed them that the Senate had 
I 
declined to receive papers of that character. 
conformed my action to it. 
I do not know any- 
thing about this paper. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the Secretary be 
pleased to read, for my information, the last reso- 
lution informally? or if he will hand it to me, I 
Will read it myself. 
The Sccretary read, as follows: 
"Resolved, That the chairman bc requested to commu- 
nicate the action or this 'neeting to I-Ion. J0i-1N J. CRIT- 
TENDEN, of the Senate, and Hon. 'ITHOh1AS CORWIN, Rep- 
resentative in Congress, iör the purpose of presentation to 
the Senate and the House of Representatives." 
Mr. POWELL. If my colleague will 
me, 1 will state that the resolutions which I pre- 
sented from Kentucky were different from these 
now before the Senate, in this: The mass meeting 
in Kentucky did not adopt any resolution request- 
Ing their proceedings to bc presented to the 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under- 
stood the Senator from Kentucky to say that it Senate. I was requested by a letter from the off- 
cers of the meeting to present them. The reso- 
was. 
Mr. HALE. If it is what I saw in the news- lutions presen.ted a moment since, byrny colleague 
the same result. Theeque$tiosn* is; whether thé- 
paper shall be received; 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 'Certainly. 
Mr. GRIMES. • I think case precisely sima 
ilar to' this occurred in- the Senate at its last-SCS• 
sion. A meeting wak held *somewhere in the State 
of New York, if I remember rightly, and rewhi- 
tions were submitted to that meeting, and adoptéd, ' 
requesting the Senator from Oregon [Mr. LANE] 
to present the proceedings Of that meeting to -the 
Senate. When they were presented- here, the 
Senator -from Mississippi, the chairman of -the 
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia, [Mr. 
DAY1s,] objected to their consideration, and- they 
were not received at that time; ånd that action of 
the Senate was universally concurred in by all 
the members of this body. I think the case is 
exactly similar. 
Mr. HALE. As I: raised this question, wish 
simply to state, in a very few words, the reason• 
I, of course, have no want of' respect to 
of it. 
the gentlemen composing the meeting, nor to the 
Senator who presents these proceedings; but my 
recellection, after a somewhat protracted service 
in the Senate, is, that the Senate have uniformly,. 
whenever the question has been raised, refused 
to receive the proceedings of meetings on various 
subjects, unless they ended with a prayer or a 
memorial to the Senate. This was a meeting of 
gentlemen whom I understand to be superintend" 
ents and presidents of railroads—a very import• 
ant class of people—held at Willard's hotel; and 
I think the proper course would have been for 
them to request some gentleman that boards at 
Willard's to hand them to Willard, and ask him 
to keep them there as a record of what was done 
at his house; but they are certainly not a record 
of the Senate—not proceedings for its. considera- 
tion. That is my view. 
Mr. POLK. 1 do not know what haB been the 
course of the Senate on this subject; but on a se- 
rics of resolutions presented by myself afew (Idys 
since from the city of St. Louis, the Senate voted 
to rejcct them. I thought at the time it was not 
I suppose that any singlc citizen 
exactly right. 
of the United Statss has a right to petition Con- 
gress for a redress of grievances, or for any meas- 
ur.e that he deems -proper for the action of that 
body, if, indeed, the action be such as the body 
should take. Now, sir, here is a series of reso- 
lution passed by gentlemen, all admitted to be 
respectable, and in the resolutions themselves 
there is a request that they be presented to Con- 
gress. Each onc of these gentlemen might have 
presented these resolutions as an individual citi- 
zen. If he had presented them in the shape ofa 
petition to Congress, as an individual citizen, this 
body would undoubtedly receive. them, Here are 
a number of gentlemen that unite in the paper a 
request that it shall be presented to Congress. it 
seems to me that it is a petition of a much stronger 
character than the sort to which I have just re- 
ferred. I admit that in the case which was re- 
ferred to by the Presiding Offcer, from Missouri, 
the action of the Senate was adverse to the recep- 
tion of the resolutions passed by the meeting. I 
thought myself at the time that it was a•bad pre- 
ccdent, and if wc follow that precedent, it will be 
following a bad line of precedents. 
i shall my- 
self vote for the reception of the resolutions pre- 
sentcd by the Senator from Kentucky. 
Mr. LANE. In the case alluded to by the 
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. GRIMES,] which I rec- 
ollcct very well, the proceedings there I'lad were 
at one of the largest meetings, perhaps, ever held 
in t.he State of New York. At that meeting res- 
olutions werc adopted, and the proceedings were 
forwarded to me, with a request in the last reso- 
I lution that I would present them to the Senate. I 
papers, purporting to be the proceedings of that distinctly declare that they desire them to be pre- did it, and recollect very well that the course pur- 
I tl)ink there is a very sued by the Senatc was just as stated by the Sen- 
meeting, it is not of that kind. Of course, I do sented to the Senate. 
ator from Iowa. With the proceedings of the 
marked difference between the cases. 
rot want to question the Senator's word 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The. Chair will Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 think so, Mr. Presi- Senate then, 1 felt satisfied. 
I heard the statc- 
ask the Senator from Kentucky whether it is a dent; and, witli all proper regard Lo the dccision mcntof the Senator from Mississippi, who recol- 
i I of the Chair, which seenls to conforrn to similar lected•well the course of the Senate upon such 
memorial addressed to the Senate? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I stated exactly what 't cases as it is supposed, I desire, from a clear con- mat-t.ers, and was satisfied that the proper action 
was had then. I shall treat all other proceedings 
it was. The gentleman need not question my ! i viction that this does come within the privilegc i 
ii secured by the Constitution, of petitioning Con- of any meeting in the same manner that they were 
word. 
treated. 
gress, to take an appeal from the decision of the 
Mr. HALE. 1 did not. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, in the 
Mr. CRI"TTENDEN. He may make a ques- Chair, and do so in order that the question may 
days when the Constitution was made, the right 
be settled bv the Senate. 
as to the propriety of receiving the paper. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If agreeable to the of petition, which is nothing more than the right 
Mr. HALE. beg the Senator's pardon. I 
should bc the last man entirely to question his Senator from Kentucky, the Chair wilk subxnit of a popular appeal to the representative body of 
the quesaon to the Senate, which will bring about thc Government, wag thought to be of some value. 
word. 
