588 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28, 
Perhaps it was; in that day, of some value. In 
the days of our ancestors, before the Parliament 
of Great Britain, it had occasiu'ially exercised a 
great.influence. I believe that it has very much 
h)St that power now; but still it is a privilege and 
a right secured by the Constitution. The people 
have a right to petition Congress according to the 
Constitution. - What is the meaning of that, Mr. 
President? Was this right deerhed a matter of 
substance, or was it intended as a mere formula, 
to•be exercised in a particular mode or in a par- 
ticular phraseology—" T pray the honorable Sen- 
ate,' i "l beg the honorable Senate; " 
I desire 
to make known to the honorable Senate ?" Will 
aTl these forms be embraced by the general lan- 
guage of the Constitution under the right of peti- 
tion? We knovvr that this right of petition is 
frequently exercised in the most positive and man- 
datory language that is consistent with respect to 
the body, and it may well be so. It is the lan- 
guage not of supplicants. The Constituti01'1 never 
Intended that our people should becomc suppli- 
cants, before they could have the privilege of ex- 
pressing their opinion to their representatives. 
It intended that the doors should be kept open, by 
which the people might speak in what languacye 
they pleased, provided it was respectful to their 
representatives, to Ict them know what the pub- 
lic voice was. This is the substance of the right 
of petition. It is tho right of freemen, to be ex- 
ercnsed like freemen , and not the language of mere 
supplicants who come with formal prayers in their 
mouths. Welt, sir, if this is the true sense and 
understanding of the constitutional right of peti- 
tion—an appeal to their representatives in Con- 
gress—l ask what more effective, what more brief 
mode can be adopted than that which these pcr- 
sons have adopted? T herc is a great measure 
depending before Congress. They express their 
opinions upon that grent subject, and they ask 
that that expression of their opinion may be prc- 
sentcd to the Senate of their country, and to the 
House of Representatives. 
Now, sir, is not that a petition in the sense of 
the Constitution? Elow are you to distinguish 
between this and any other mode or appeal to 
the Senate, in writing, by •the citizen? 'i'hey 
ask Inc. to present it to thc Senate. They ask in 
ciTcc,t and impliedly, if the Senate will receive 
this expression of their opinion. You can make 
nothing more of it, sir; and unless wc intend, by 
technical constructions and rigorous prescriptions 
of the rules, to confinc the people to as precise a 
mode of coming before the Senate as possible, to 
make it a narrow and a difficult road, we shall 
never be vcry careful about the form or luntruage 
in which the people express themselves. r hey 
Lave a right to be heard when they express a de- 
sirc to be heard. I-lave they not here cxpressed 
a desire to bc heard? Unquestionably they have. 
It is said that t.here has been a cusc like this 
which has been decided otherwise. Perhaps that 
I recollect nothing of the case. 
may havc been. 
I take it for granted that it is just exactly as gen- 
tlcmcn have stated. That is one casc. Another 
case (.vas supposed to exist, of resolutions of a 
convention in Kentucky. r l"heirresolutiorns, how- 
ever, did not express any wish that they should 
be presented to the Senate of the United States; 
had not that in contemplation. Certainly that is 
no expression of any wish or of any petit.ion. 
could not therefore be heard by the Senate. under I 
thc right of petition, or prescntcd to the Senate. 
But here is the contrary; here is the cxprcss 
wish and opinion that it Shail be presented; and I 
I icavc it to the Senate—now that it is brought up ! 
again, and perhaps has received solnewhat more 
consideration from Senators than it did on a former 
occasion—to say whether the right of the people 
shall be constrained and' diminished, and cut down 
of it; and if it does Mamount to that, it is the 
poor, miserable, pitiful right of supplicants to 
come with folded arms, and bowed heads, and 
bated breath, before Congress, and beg and sup- 
plicate. I hope no such doctrine will prevail here; 
and if ever such a decision has been given as has 
bcen alluded to, that it will never be repeated in 
the Senate. Sir, do not wish to occupy the timc 
of the Senate longer. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question to 
be determined is, " Will the Senate receive the 
paper; and shall it be read ? 
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and 
they were ordered. 
Mr. MASON. I agree with the honorable Sen- 
ator from Kentucky, as far as I have had thc good 
fortune to hear him, that the right of the citizen 
to petition Congress for a redress of grievances, 
taken from the old laws securing civil liberty in 
England, is one that is to be-jealously guarded 
and preserved; yet i do not see the propriety, but 
I see great impropriety, in setting a precedent by 
which any citizens of any of the United Stales, 
expre»ing their opinions, as opinions, either by a 
separate meetino•, as Was done by these gentle- 
men, or otherwise, may send communications to 
the Senatc or to the House of Representatives 
as expressive of the individual opinions of the 
If that course were 
citizens who express them. 
pursued, it seems to me that it would lead and 
invite into a degeneration of this sacred right of 
petition, which is secured by our Constitution, 
and which we should ever cherish . 
It seems from the paper, as far as I heard it 
read, and from the newspapers out of doors, that 
these gen tlemen , who are certai nly very respectable 
gentlemen, assembled at Washington to det.erm- 
ine upon matters pertaining to the trusts com- 
mitted to them respectively by these railroad cotn- 
panics. They came here on no public errand 
to receige the proceedings, not from any want of 
respectto the gentlemen that express the opinions, 
or hold the meeting; and certainly the honorable 
Senator from Kentucky does not want me to dis- 
claim that it is from no want of respect to him; for 
if I have any error towards him, it is that I re- 
spect him too much, and have so profound a rev- 
erence for his character, that sometimes the win- 
ning tones of his vo_ice make me vote as he would, 
contrary to the convictions of my own under- 
standing. That is the danger. But, sir, Ido want, 
while the Senate lasts, that it shall conduct its 
business upon the principle that it always has pur- 
sued, and that is, to receive petitions, memorials, 
addresses, or anything of that sort, respectfully 
addressed to it; but if you are going to go further 
than that, and let every meeting that is got up 
anywhere, pass a resolution requesting its pro- 
ceedings to bc laid before the Senate and receive 
them, you will have to make new accommo- 
dations to pile away your papers. Every titne 
you go into the Secretary 's oflice, you sec a pretty 
lurge spacc that is reserved for the files, takcn up 
by a mammoth petition of three thousand clergy- 
men, remonstratino acrainst the passage of the Ne- 
braska bill. Adopt [his principle, and you will 
have the proceedings of every little caucus from 
one end af the Union to the other sent here, and 
the Senate, in short, will be made a sort of pile 
of the records of ihe caucuses of different parties 
holden from one end of the Union to t.he other. 
It seems to me the only rule of safety is for the 
Senate of the Unitcd States to persevere in thc 
course *it has heretofore adopted, without any 
regard to the parties or sections, or whether the 
meeting bc composed of railroad presidents, or 
superintendents, or any other class. You will get 
yoursclves into difficulty by receiving them. The 
netxt thing will be that the railroad conductors 
will come on here, and they will have a meeting, 
r I'hey camc here to consid thcir and they will ask that their proceedings Inn y be 
whatever. 
In uti.tal interests In reference to the railroad trusts put on your files; and if you have taken the pres- 
that had been committed to their charge; and Idents and superintendents, you must take the 
)roceedings of the conductors, and next, of the 
being here, departing from the purpose of their 
How often is it, in every presiden- 
they organized them- 
niission to Washington, 
asscngers. 
tial contest, that a car full of take a 
selves into a rneetine in onc of the parlors of one 
vote and ex press their opinions on the Presidency ? 
of thc hotels and expressed their individual opin- 
that théy will pass a res- 
undoubtedly entitled to weight and consid- 'The next thing will bc 
oration by those who know the gcnllemen and olution that that vote bc sent to the Senai.c and 
placed on its files. Now, let me assure thc hon- 
know the valuc of their opinions. I do not know 
orablc Senator from Kentucky that the zeal of his 
any of them, except one; I think I know one, 
personally. I doubt not their opinions are enti- 
tled to respect, but as the opinions of individual 
men. I might as well, as a citizen of Virginia, 
address u notc to a member of Congress, and say, 
' Such arc my opinions; v,'ill you bc good enough 
to lay them before the House of Representatives 
I think it is a departure from 
or the Senate 
tho rule which protects the right of petition. The 
Senate has acted on this view. The other day, 
patriotisn•) has outrun his judgment on this ques- 
tion, in my humble opinion, and that the course 
for us to pursue is to keep on as we have always 
done. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 understand the yeas and 
nays have been called for on this question. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have been 
orderc(l. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 will barely state that on 
this occasion, as on every other since I have been 
as I said just now, I received from onc of the 
counties State, information that a meeting in legislative life, I think, I shall vote for the re- 
It is maxim with me, 
had been held there, that the opinions of the 
ception of this paper. 
i think: 
meeting had been cx Dressed on rnatters of great derived from an old song, 
public interest. Whet )cra resolution wasadopted 
asking that they should bc presented to thc Sen- 
ate or not, I do not know; but I received a letter 
['vom a member of that meeting—I think the chair- 
A health to hilli that would read ; 
A health to hilu that would \vrite ; 
Nono ever fears that the truth be told, 
But hill) that the truth would indict." 
I do not care in what way they come, whether 
man—asking me to present them to the. Senate. 1 
replicd to him, that I should do so with pleasure, they come as pctitioners, 01' w hcbhcn• they come 
but that the Senate at this session had declined ! in public asscn"lblages. I do not remcnnber exactly 
the language of thc Constitution;• but I believe the 
receiving papers of that kind. I should not feel 
at liberty, therefore, to vote for this, having my- Constitution guaranties the right of the people to 
self declined to run counter to the action of the assembleandcousiderpublicaffairs; and if that isa 
right valuable for anything, to be used for an ything, 
Senate. 
Mr. I-I ALE. Mr. Prcsident, I look upon this it is to enable them to present their 
as a question of sorne importance. Sanction this their delegates, their agents, their reflections upon 
receive these proceedings, and my 
precedent, 
word for it your files will be encumbered with the 
proceedings of every little caucus that is holden 
from one end of this Union to the other. They 
to a particular form or mode of expression , before 
they can be allowed to be heard by their own 
I think, 
Senators or their own Representatives. 
instead of contracting, we should enlarge and keep 
open all sorts of communication with tho people; 
and that the Constitution of the United Statos so 
intended, when it regarded this as a matter of con- 
sequence enough to bc madc a constitutional pro- 
vision, that tho people should be heard upon their 
petitions. 
" The right of petition" is but parliamentary 
langua're. It is the right of the people to appeal 
to, and make known their opinions to their rep- 
resentalives in writing. 'That is the whole amount 
will come here by the dozen from iNew England, 
and from the great West, and everywhere else. 
This is n•ot the place for them. Our rules are ex- 
I thillk I will go as far as tbc Senator from 
Kentucky in favor of the right of pcti(ion, or the 
right of instruction, or any other right, but as a 
matter of public convenience to the body, I ask 
that the Senate adhere to the rule it has always 
I think I can say, without fear of 
acted upon. 
contradiction, that this question has been raised 
every year that I havo been a member of the Sen- 
ate, and that whenever the attention of the Senate 
has been called to it, they have uniformly refused 
I should, perhaps, feel some deli- 
public affairs. 
cacy about this Inatter, if it were not that I have 
always acted upon the same principle, and on 
both the occasions referred to within the present 
session, I was in favor of receiving the papers 
presented. It does not make any difference to 
me whether they corne from presidents of rail.road s 
II or directors of railroads, conductors of railroads, 
or passenæcrs of railroads, or workmen of rail- 
roads; I tliink that it is respectful, it is consistent 
with the. genius of our Government, and it will 
tend to public harmony, and to the best results, to 
! allow the people always to address thetwo Houses 
of Congress Iwvhenever they do so in lancruage of 
respect and consideration. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the yeas 
and nays having been ordered, it seems the fash- 
