1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
589 
ion, when a man is tö answer yes or no, that hc Federal Union, and declared their separate inde- 
should give his reason for it, for fear may be i pendence. An clection for delegates toa conven- 
misconstrued. Ido not know that it is of any very 
great consequence; but I cannot agree with the 
Senator from New York in relation to this matter, 
that because this is a representation to Congress 
we are thereforc to pay no sort of attention to our 
own rules and our own convenience. If there was 
any sort of reason fop this thing—if a refusal to 
receive this paper could be construed , in any shape 
or form, into rejecting, or even disrezarding in the 
slightest degree the right of petition, sacred as it 
is, and as we all admit it to be—i should have no 
hesitation on the subject, nor should I be partic- 
it is perfectly ob- 
ular aböut the form; but, sir, 
vious that the Senator from Virginia is right: 
there is a very great difference between the right of 
petitioning a legislative body and the right of freely 
publishing and speaking your sentiments 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will 
It is the duty of the Chair to call up the 
pause 
list of special orders at this hour. 
Mr. MASON. There is a message on the table 
from the President of the United States, which is 
of great public interest, and I ask that it bc read. 
If it is necessary, in order to have it read, that I 
should 1110ve to postpone the special order for the 
present, I will make that motion. 
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Vir- 
oinia withdraw his motion for a few rnoments 
tion now in session of another State, is known to 
have resulted in favor of the same fixed determ- 
ination, and steps are now in progress by all these 
States to form a confederacy of their own-. In 
few weeks at furthest, a provisional government 
will be formed by them, with ample powers for 
their own defense—with power to enter into neao- 
tiations with other nations, to make war, conclude 
peace, form treaties, and generally to do all other 
things which independent nations may of right 
do. Provision will be made for the admission of 
other States into the new Union; and it is confi- 
dently believed that, Within a few months, all the 
slaveholding States of the late Confederacy of the 
United States, will be united toø•ether in a bond 
of union far more homogeneous, and therefore 
more stable, than the one now being dissolved. 
I content myself, Mr. President, with a state- 
ment of these facts and these ccjnclusions without 
making an •argument to justify or defind them. 
I have only to say, that •this action of my own 
State, and of her itnmediate southern neighbors 
and sisters, meets the approval of my well-con- 
sidered and deliberate judgment; and as one of her 
native sons and loyal subjects, I shall cheerfully 
and joyously cast my lot with her and •them, and 
sink or swirn, live or die, I shal! be of and with 
I her ar)d them to the last. Sir, with the secession 
until I can make a few renoarks personal to m - of the southern States, cither in whole or in part, 
Mr. MASON. Certainly. 
WITHDRAWAL OF A SENATOR. 
and the formation of a southern confederacy, two 
crave and mornentous alternatives wili devolve 
upon the Federal Government and the remainino• 
States which shall compose the Federal Union. 
You may acquiesce in the revolution , and acknowl- 
Mr. IVERSON. send to thc Secretary a com- 
munication addressed to the Senate, which 1 ask edge the independence of the now confederacy, or 
to have read, and then I propose to submit a fcw I you may make war upon the seceding States and 
attempt to force them back into a Union with you. 
II 
remarks. 
The Secretary rcad the following communica- 
tion : 
VVASHINGTON CITY, January 28, 1861. 
To the Senate of the United States : 
The undersigucd has received official infOrmatioo that, 
on the 19111 inst.ant, a convention of the people o? 
recently assembled, and now in session, passed the 
ina ordinance : 
" An ordinance to dissolve the union bet',vecn the State 
of Georgia and other States united with her under a coni- 
pact of govertnnent, entitled the Constitution of the Uni- 
ted States of" America.' 
i•Ve, the people (it' the State of Georgia, in convention 
assembled, do declare and ordain, and it is herei)Y declared 
and ordained, that the ordinance adopted by the people of 
the State of Georgia in convention on the 2d day of Janu- 
ary, in the year of our Lord 1788, when the Constitution ot• 
the Ihlitcd States of America was assented to, ratified, and 
adopted ; and also all acts and parts of acts of the General 
Assernbly of this State, ratitYintr and adoptincr annendlnents 
of the. said Constitution, are hereby repealed, rescinded, 
and abrogated. 
We do further declare and ordain, that the Union now 
subsisting between the State of Georgia and other Stat.es, 
under the natne of the United States of Atnerica, is hereby 
dissolved ; and that tho State of Georgia is in the full pos• 
If you acknowledge our independence, and treat 
us as one of the nations of the earth, you can have 
friendly intercourse with us; you can have an 
equitable division of the public property and of 
tl'le existing public debt of the United States. 
vou make War upon us, we will seize and hold all 
ihe public property within our borders or within 
OUt• reach, and we will never pay one dollar of the 
public debt, War, by the laws of nations, extin- 
guishcs all public and private obligations between 
the contending States, and the individual citizens 
who compose them. The first Federal gun fired 
upon the seceding States; the first drop of blood 
of any of their people shed by Federal troops, 
will cancel every public and private obligation of I 
lhc South which may be duc either to tho Federal I 
Government or to tho northern people. 
We caro not in what. shape or form, or under 
what pretexts, you attempt coercion. We shall 
consider and treat all and every effort to assert 
your authority over us ns acts of war, and shall 
meet and resist them. You may send your armies 
session and exercise of all those rights of sovcrei«nty q'hic•h 
I to invade us by land; your ships to blockade our 
belong and appertain to a free anci ill(lcptilldent State." 
ports, and destroy our trade and cornrncrce with 
-The undersigned, recognizing the validity of said ordi- 
nance. and the fact that the stale which ile, in part, repre- other nations. You nutyr abolish our ports of 
entry by act of Congress, and attempt to collect 
sent* ill Ille Senate of the United States, has withdrawn 
and independent State, does not feel at liberty any longer your Federal revenues by ships of war. You 
to t.akc part in the proceedings of the Senate, and shall this rnay do all or any of these or similar acts. They 
will be acts of war, and will be so understood 
day withdraw the. body. 
and treated; and in whatcvcr shape you attack 
ALFRED IVERSON. 
Very respectfully, 
Mr. IVERSON. The paper just read by the us, we wili fight you. You boast of your supe- 
, rior numbers and yourgrcatcr strength. Remem- 
Clerk informs the Senate of what has already been 
' the race is not always to the swift, nor 
announced t.o the. public in unofficial form, that 
the battle to the strong." You have your hundreds 
tbc State of Georgia, by the solmnn act of her sov- 
of thousands of flffhlino men. So have we; and, 
ereign coy)vention, has withdrawn from the Fed- 
eral Union. She is no longer one of the United flffhting upon our o wm soil, to preserve our rights, 
vindicate our honor, and defend our homes and 
States of America, but has resumed alk the pow 
firesides, our wives and children, from the inva- 
ers heretofore granted by her to the Federal Gov- 
der, we shall not bc easily conquered. You may 
ert')mcnt, and asserted her independence as a sep- 
possibly overrun us, desolate our fields, burn our 
arate and sovereign Statc. In performing this 
important and solemn act, she has been influenced dwellings, lay our cities in ruins, murder our 
by a deliberate and firm conviction that her safety, people, and reduce us to bego•ary•, but you cannot 
her interest, and her honor, demanded it. The subdue or subjugate us to yourgovcrnmentoryour 
have none. You may:bloekadeout ports and lock 
up our commerce. We can 
out commerce. But when you shutout our cotton 
from the looms Of Europe, we shall-See whether 
other nations will not have sayoånd 
something to do on that subject. 'v Cottbh is 
king," and it will find means to raise 
ade and disperse you-r ships. 
Mr. Presldent, I know, that hopes are, enter- 
tained, and great efforts are being 'made to retain 
the border slaveholding States in•thepresent Fed- 
eral Union. Let coercive measures be commenced 
against the. southern confederacy, or any Of the 
seceding States, no matter in What form they may 
be adopted, and all such hopes and efforts Will 
vanish into thin air. The first aet Federal le- 
gislation looking to coercion—the first Federal 
gun fired—the first Federal ship which takes her 
station off a southern port -to enforce the collec- 
tion of the Federal revenues—will bring all the 
other southern States, inclu'ding even Maryland 
—laggard as she seems to be in tlie vindicatiomof 
southern an immediate alli'- 
ance and union with their more southern -sisters; 
and thus united, they will resist and•defy-all your 
efforts to subdue them. There are those, Mr- 
President, who, surrendering all hope of prevent* 
ing adisruption of the Union , and recognizing the 
existing fact of its dissolution, yet hope to sec. it 
reconstructed. Sir, war between the two sections 
will forever close the door to such a project. 
will notsay, sir, that the southexn States, if let 
alone, even after they have formed a separate con- 
federacy, Will not listen respectfülly to proposi- 
tionsofreconstruction. Let the North make them, 
and we will consider them. The southern people 
I have heretofore cherished a warm and sincere 
attachment and reverence for the Union, and noth- 
ing but a stern conviction of the necessity and 
propriety of leaving it, and forming a safer and 
more perfect Union, would have driven them to 
the alternative of separation from it. When they 
see (if it shall not be too long deferred) a return- 
ing sense of justice and fraternal feelings in the 
northern mind and heart, and can find sufficient 
and reliable guarantees för the protection and per- 
mancnt enjoyment of their equality and rights in 
the Union, they may, perhaps, reconsider their 
present action, and rejoin their former confeder- 
ates. 
For myself, sir, I am free to declare that, unless 
my opinions shall be greatly changed, I shall 
never agree to thc reconstruction of the Federal 
Union. 'i'hc Rubicon is passed ; and it shall never, 
with no y consent, be recrossed. But in this sen- 
t.iment I may be overruled by the people of my 
I may 
State, and of the other southern States. 
safely say, however, that nothing will satisfy them 
or bring them back, short ofa full and explicit rec- 
ognition and guarantee of the safety of their in- 
stitution of domestic slavery and the protection 
of the constitutional rights for which in thc Uninn 
they have been so long contending, and a denial 
of which, by their northern confederates, has 
forced them into their present attitude of separate 
independence. 
And now, Mr. President, it remains for me only 
to express my grateful acknowledgments and 
thanks for the uniform .com•tesy afi(.l kindness 
with which I -have been treated by ail those Sen- 
ators with whotn I have had official or social re- 
lations during my servicc in this body; and wish- 
ing them each and all long life, prosperity, and 
happiness, I bid them farewell. 
RESOLUTIONS or PENNSYLVANIA. 
Mr. BIGLER. Before proceeding to the read- 
ing of the message— 
VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the 
Senator from Virginia was to postpone all prior 
orders, and take up the messa•e. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 am aware of that. 
Mr. MASON. 1 desire to retain that motion 
opinion of her people has been gradually tending will. Your conquest, if you gain one, will cost you 
to this point for the last ten years, and recent a hundred thousand lives, and more than ahundred I before the Senate. 
Mr. B[GLER. I ask the unanimous consent 
events I'lave strengthened and confirmed it. An il million dollars. Nay, more, it will take a stand- 
of the Senate to introduce a series of resolutions 
ing army of a hundred thousand men, and mil- 
overwhelming majority of her people have, under 
lions of money annually, to keep us in subjec- II adopted by the Legislature of Pennsylvania on 
the sanction of régularity and law, elected dele- 
tion. You may whip us, but we wilt not stay the 24th instant, in reference to the present con- 
tion a determination to withdraw from the Fed- whipped. We will rise again and again to vindi- dition Of the country. 
fl The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears 
cate our right to liberty, and to throw oil' your 
eral Union; and the convention, by a like decisive 
oppressive and accursed yoke, and never cease no objection to the reception of the resolutions. 
Mr. BIGLER. I ask that they be read * printed'* 
Ina.jority, and in conformity with the popular will, 
the mortal strifr until our whole white race is ex- 
II and laid on the table. 
has passed an ordituü)ce of secession. Georgia is 
one of six States which, within less than sixty I tino•uished and our fair land given over to desola- 
days, have dissolved their connection with the tion. You will have ships-of-war, and we may it The Secretary 
