THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, O. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 20 SESSION. 
that had delegated the powers to both of these 
governments. 
Another against the sovereignty of 
the States is, that treason may be committed 
against the United States; that treason is a breach 
of allegiance; that allegiance is due to a sovereign ; 
and that, therefore, the United States are sover- 
eign. It is certainly competent for a number of 
sovereigns to stipulate that war levied against 
them in their united capacity should be defined 
and punished as treason. Would the United 
States have had the power to define and punish 
the crime of treason without express grant in the 
Constitution? Certainly not. 
In 1892, a ques- 
tion was raised whether the German confedera- 
tion was a State, ana consequently the object of 
treason. The Diet, for future cases, decreed to 
the effect that since every State was part and par- 
cel of the confederation, crime's committed against 
the Confederation should be punished as treason 
against every particular State. (Westminster 
Review, July, 1860.) Legislation was required in 
Germany before the crime against the confedera- 
tion could be punished; and had it been determined 
that the crime should be punished as treason 
against the State where committed, its soundness 
could not have been disputed. 
But if the Constitution had not defined the 
crime of levying x.var as treason against the Uni- 
ted States, would not the offense have been trea- 
son against the State where committed ? The Con- 
stitution and laws of the United States are in fact 
the laws and constitution of the State, and the 
crime might have been regarded as a breach of 
allegiance to the State. 
But nothing can be inferred against the federa- 
tive character of the Union from the fact that a 
crime amainst the common Government is defined 
and is to be punished as treason. 
This is the stipulation and agreement of the 
several sovereign parties. They were under no 
compulsion to adhere strictly to the technicality 
that treason was the breach of allegiance. They 
had the power to define any crime against them 
jointly to be treason. If waracyainst the old Con- 
federacy had been defined treason a«rainst the Uni- 
ted States, this would not have impugned its 
Character as a federation, nor the sovereignty of 
the constituent States; nor can it derogate from 
the sovereignty of these parties that, in the new 
compact, they defined the crime of levying war 
against them jointly to be treason, and provided 
for its punishment. 
From the facts and considerations detailed, the 
conc\usion is irresistible that the States were, each 
one of them, sovereign, prior to the adoption of 
the Federal Constitution; that the Constitution 
is a compact between these sovereign States, by 
which they delegated a portion of the powers of 
sovereignty to be exercised conjointly by a Gen- 
era] Government; that they reserved to themselves 
all the powers not delegated; that they still con- 
tinued as States; that they ratified the Constitu- 
tion, each State for itself, in its highest sovereign 
capacity, in convention asscmbled in each State, 
under the law thereof; that it became binding on 
the people of each St.ate by the act of the Slate, 
and not by the ratification of any or of all the 
other States; that the people of the several States, 
acting as distinct political communities, were the 
parties to the compact; that no such political body 
has existed as the people of the United States, 
nor were they a party to the compact in a politi- 
cal capacity, or otherwise, except as the people 
of thirteen separate and distinct States; that, 
though high and important powers of sovereignty 
were delegated, yet itself remained 
in the people severally of the States, that they 
have only delegated powers, not sovereignty. 
Each State, or the people of each State, as a 
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 90, 1861.. 
cise is prescribed. Its acts are paramount, and 
all authorities and- citizens must submit to its de- 
cision. But the State is, in every respect, as much 
a sovereign, with regard to the powers it has del- 
egatcd to the general agency or Government, as 
to those which it delegated to its State govern- 
It has control over all those powers, be- 
ment. 
cause they are only delegated, not surrendered or 
abandoned, to either of these governments. If 
they were relinquished, the State would no longer 
exist as a body-politic; the sovereignty would be 
in the Government to which it was transferred; 
and to the people would be left, not thatregulated 
right, acknowled"ed and recognized by Ameluan 
theory and practice, but that imaginary sover- 
eighty which is supposed to exist even under a 
despotic moßarchy, 
The States, and they alone, being parties to the 
Constitution, it is as between them a compact, or 
league, although it is a frame of Government for 
those upon whom it operates; and the States being 
sovereign members of this league, or confeder- 
acy, have a right, as stable as the foundations of 
international law, to renounce the league at any 
time, and wit.hdraw from the federation. They 
are bound to their confederates by the ties of good I 
faith. The tranquillity and security of mankind 
depend upon a due regard to the rights of others. 
But each State can, with or without cause, sepa- 
rate from the others, being answerable as one 
nation is to another. If a treaty has been already 
violated by the other part.ies, her separation is no 
just cause of war. Each party or nation must 
judge for itself; and if her confederates will make 
war upon a seceding State, with or without cause, 
she must abide the issue. The right of secession 
depends on international law. It is above and 
independent of the Constitution. If, however, 
sovereignty itself was but a right, then it exists 
in the State, among the reserved rights under the 
Constitution. Such right has not been prohibited 
to the States. But sovereignty is the creator, 
not the creature of constitutions. The Const,itu- 
tion docs not deal with sovereignly in any other 
manner except as receiving all its grants and au- 
thority from that source. 
Ifthe States be sovereign, the act of withdrawal 
cannot, without an utter misconception and con- 
fusion of terms, be pronounced rebellion. This 
is the, open renunciation of the authority of the 
Government to which one owes allegiance. The 
distinction between a rebel and an enemy is, that 
the former owes allegiance to the Governrnent he 
attacks. Now, a sovereign State owes no alle- 
fts citizen owes obedience 
gtance to any power. 
to the Government of the United States as long 
as the State remains a member of the Union, ao- 
knowledging its jurisdiction, and claiming the 
benefit of its protection. He owes this obedience 
solely from the act and consent of his State to the 
Constitution. When this consent is recalled by 
a State; when, in the like sovereign capacity in 
which she gave her assent, it is revoked, she 
dissevers the ties between her citizens and the 
General Government, and expunges their obliga- 
tion to obey the Constitution or laws of the United 
Statés. 
The act of a sovereign, declarinff a compact, 
league, or treaty, no longer binding on him, has 
ncverbccn defined or treated as rebellion. Whether 
there be or not just cause for such declaration, it 
is no violation of his allegiance, for he owes none 
to the cosovereign parties in the league; and the 
act of the sovereign binds the citizen, and absol ves 
him from obcdience to the compact. T hc citizen 
is not individually responsible for the acts of the 
State to which his allegiance is due. 'The Statc is 
responsible. The citizen owes his allegiance to 
the State, and-is bound to obey her acts; and these 
are a justification in law of his refusal to obey the 
NEW, SEAiES.O..-..Nö.'.?3ä,; 
county, that t.he laws Of the •State should 
executed within the limits Å5f' -thatcounty. *This 
would be rebellion;_ a -violatimuoftheallegiance; 
owing to the State. -The County' is;bu't partöfa, 
consolidated political unity; has no sovereignty-k 
and is entitled to none ofits rights or -powers. 
But •the act of a sovereign 'State, declaring , a- 
compact at an end, revoking all -the powers -she 
may have delegated, is not only no 
no cause of war on _the part of other confederates, 
unless menace the safety or'the 
existence Of the other States; Itis Of the deepest 
importance to the peace and tranqüilli'ty of these 
States, to th%.cause of humanity 
legal principles applieabie.to the act of secession -bé 
clearly understood afid 
If secession be rebellion, and coercive meaguré•é_ 
be used for its suppression, the citizens of-the 
State, act as they may, would be treated as: tråi- 
tors on the one hand to the United States, and on 
the Other to the State. •This may be said to bé. dn 
ordinary, though cruel, cantingency Of rebellion. 
But if no coercion be used, (although the act be 
proclaimed rebellion,) then the citizens who gup- 
the State, though proclaimed traitors, pass 
unmolested; but how unhappy and miserable the 
fate of those who exhibit fidelity and attachment 
to the United States. Deceived and ensnared by 
the denunciations of the Federal authorities that 
secession is unlawful, seditious, and rebellious, 
they might, to maintain the Union, be ihduoed to 
oppose this denounced rebellion- by force of Arms. 
Their " fidelity " would receive no support from 
the Government to which they had devoted their" 
lives; they would be abandoned to the mercy of 
those who had been denounced traitors by the Fed- 
. eral Government, and would be laughed to scorn 
for their folly in putting their trustin the words of 
this great and powerful Government. But this 
confusion, this monstrous incongruity, thefruitful 
source of mischief and ci vil internecine war, would 
vanish if the fundamental principles of the Union, 
as a compact between sovereign parties, were rec- 
ognized and appreciated. The withdrawal by 
State for just cause would be peaceful. 
Before secession, the_,citize s of the State may_ 
oppose the separation, if the deem iL impolitic or 
inexpedient, by all lawful means. But after sepa- 
ration, which ipso facto releases them from obe- 
diencc to the Federal authority, it becomes th.eir 
duty to support the State in the its 
independence, and as the sovereign to whom they 
owe their allegiance. On these plain and con- 
clusive principles there would, if war supervened, 
be no rebellion, no treason. There would be en- 
emics, but no rebels. 
I shall not enumerate the violations of the com-v. 
pact, the wrongs inflicted on the South,.and, the 
dangers with which she, is menaced,' These have 
engendered discord, little less calamitous than ac- 
tual hostitities. They have been often depicted 
in the glowing language of eloquence and truth; 
and I shall not repeat them. Senators are familiar 
with the gloomy detailsof the insults and wrongs 
to the South, and of the causes Which are rending 
this vast Confederacy into fragments. 
I may 
remind Senators, however, that a most powerful 
consideration inducing the consent -of Texas to 
annexation was the apprehension of hazard' to 
the institution of slavery from the diplomacy of 
Great Britain; and now, when shc discovers that 
instead of finding security she has encountered 
peril, when dangers are thickeninff around, threat- 
ening the safety of the institution which lies at 
the foundation of her social organization, and ig 
the life-blood of her existence, it cannot be sur- 
prising that she should secure herself against these 
Instant and pressinff evils, by abandoningt he 
Confederacy, and adopting: such measures as will 
effectually protect her rights, and the tranquil-en• 
political body, beincr sovereign, has the unques- f laws of the United States. 
It would be to extin- 
joyment of her liberties. 
tioned po wer tD modify, change, control, and sub- guish all the li2htsofinternational law, to hold that! But the controversy about the cause' Of 
vert their State government and establish another; 
the withdrawal of a sovereign State from a con- 
ration is no ,onger the question of primary _inter- 
or, whatis equivalent, they can revokc their grants 
federacy, and her mandate that the laws of such est. It has passed that stage in its progress; The 
of power, and adopt a new constitution or chart 
confederacy should no longer have force within process of disintegration has begun;.and is mak- 
of grants. This principle of sovereignty is so well 
the limits of her territory, are of no higher au- 
ing rapid advances; and the Qbsorbing issue is: 
thority than the declaration of the people of a shall this separation be éffectéd in«peaee, or result 
recognized, that, generafly, the moae of its exer. 
38 
