594 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28, 
in war. ? Several of-the States have, by solemn 
ordinances of conventions acting in their highest 
sovereign capacity; resumed thei'r delegated pow- 
ers, withdrawn from the Confederacy, and de- 
Clared themsel ves separate and indepen dent States. 
Has this Government the power under the Con- 
stitutiori to reduce; by military force, a seceding 
State or her, citizens to obedience? That tsuch 
power is • not expressly granted in the Constitu- 
tion,isadmitted, Thatitwasdeliberatelyrefused, 
is shown by the journals of the convention. 
the -plans. submitted by Mr. •Randolph aid Mr. 
Paterson, there was provision to employ the 
power of 'the Union- to enforce obedience to the 
laws •of the•United-States. In the discussion, Mr. 
Madison observed that— 
Thé more hc reflected on the use of forcc, the more he 
doubted the practicability, the justice and efficiency of it, 
wllén to people collectively and not individually. 
A Union of States, containing such an ingredient, secuned 
to provide för its own destruction. The usc of Ibrce against 
a State would look more like a declaration of war than an 
infliction of punisbnlent, and would probht)l.v be consid- 
cred, by the party attackcd, a dissolution of all the prcvious 
contracts by which it might be Papers, 
The clause was then postponed, and never 
resuméd. 
Mr. Mason denounced the plan of military 
cöercion in very emphatic terms, as follows: 
The' most larriog elements of nature—fire and ',vater— 
themselves are not more incompatible than gueh a mixture 
of civil liberty and military execution." * 
In one point of view hO was struck N.vith horror at the 
prospect of recurring to this expedient. '1'.0 punish the non- 
payment ofta.xcs With death, was a severity not yet adopted 
by deepotism'itseif; yet this unexampled cruelty would be 
mercy, compared to a military collection of revenue in 
which the bayonet could inake no discrimination between 
the innocent and the Papers, p. 914. 
Mr. Hamilton, on more than one occasion, rep- 
robated the scheme of employing force against 
States. In- a speech in the Ncw Y. ork convention, 
he insisted that the radical vice of the old confl'(l- 
erution was, that the laws of the U I'lion applied 10 
the States in their corporate capacity; that States 
executed requisitions only as suitc(l their con ve- 
nience or advantage; and, iii reference to the coer- 
cion of delinquent States, ho said: 
To eoercethe States onc the maddest •projects that 
was ever devised. A failure 01' cotnpliancc will never be 
confined to a single Statc. 
'Chis being the case can we 
suppose it wise to hazard a civil war? Suppose Massa- 
ehusct.ts, or any large State, should refuse, and Congress 
should attempt to compel thein : would they not have influ- 
ence to procure assistance, especially (roti* thoge States 
who are in the saune situation as thmnsclvcs? What pic- 
ture does this idea preseat to our view, Congress marching 
the troops of one State*to the bosom of- another—this 
State, collecting auxiliaries, and forming, perhaps, a Ina- 
jority against its Federal head ? 
Ilere is a nation at war 
with itself. Can any reasonable man hc well disposed to- 
wards a Governrncnt '.vhieh makes war and carnage. the 
only moans of supporting Govermnent that can 
exist only by the sw•ord 
The plan of the coercion of a State by force of 
arms was no new scl-rcme, upon which the mem- 
bers of the convention expressed hasty and ill- 
digested opinions, 
As the laws applied to States 
under the old Confederacy, and not. generally to 
individuals, it was not necessary for a Stale to 
approve a law. [f thc State did not act„ 
the Ittw 
was deföatc.d. If coercion by force ao•ai Fist. States 
was necessary or admissible under any federative 
Union, it w-as under the old Confederation. 'I'ho 
States were often deliriquent, and 1110 Government 
of the Union reduced 10 a shadow; and yet the 
United Slates could not power to compel the 
States to fülfiil their Federal engagements. 
The proposition fijr military force against 
States had been discussed for years; and the op- 
positic-»n of the convention, and the refusal to grant 
I principles iS a •war of the, States, one against the Other. I 
anf'for coerciöti 'by -Iaivetha•t coercion- Which aets on dc- 
iinquent-individuals« This Constitution does not atteinpt 
to-coerce sovereign bodies—States in their political capa- 
city. No coercion is applicable to sucb bodies but that of 
If we should attempt to execute the laws 
an armed force.- 
of the. Union by sending an armed force •against a delin- 
quent State, it would involve the good and bad, the inno- 
"—2 Diliot's De- 
cent and thc guilty, in the same calamity. 
bates, p. 199. 
Can it be imagined that the framers of the Con- 
stitution, dcnouncirw as they did the cgercion of 
arms atrainst a'State in the stronøest terms, in- 
tended that the power to enforce tho laws against 
individuals, through peaceable processes before 
the ordinary magistracy, should be so perverted 
as to authorize the use of force against States; 
thus effecting, by fraud and stratagem, that which 
they openly denounced and solemnly refused? 
The very statement of the case confutes the sup- 
position. Every arøument which had been urged 
fbr ycars against förce to coerce States, was as 
potent under the new Union as the old Confeder- 
at,ion. 'The change from the action of the luvs 
on States to individuals infused, 
it is trurc, vast 
energy into the Government. Under the laws of 
tl•xe Government may, in aid of civil 
tribunals, resort to force to suppress insurrections 
of disorderly and refractory individuals against its , 
authority. The insurrection may bc wide-spread, 
embracmg vast masses of individuals; but if the 
resistance be, not organized under the authority of 
a State, it is•but an insurrection or rebellion, and 
may be suppressed by the whole force of the 
Umted States. 
But this power against insurgents was never to 
be used against States. Our fåtbers suffered the 
Confederåcy to fall into total impotency rather 
than allow military force aoainst States. ro rem- 
ed y this, they granted, in substance, power, civil 
and military, against individuals; but never to be 
converted into an instrument against thc States in 
the cascs which would very rarely occur of active 
orcyanized resistance by thetn against the laws of 
the Federal Union. Mr. in the six- 
tccnth number of the Federalist, dehounces the 
use of' military force against the sovereign States 
o? a Conföderacy, declares the eflbct, to be civil 
and bloody wars; commends the Constitution, on 
the ground that it carries its agency to the persons 
of the citizens, and can employ the arn•l of the I 
ordinary Inag•istracy to execute its resolutions; 
and in answer to the objection that a State, dis- F 
affected to the authority of the Union, could at 
any timc obstruct tho execution of its laws, does 
not recommend t.hc employment of force against 
the State; disapproves of the experiment; but ex- 
presses. in substance, that through the concur- 
pence of the majority of the Legislature, of the 
courts of justice, and of the body of the people, 
such resistance would meet with success, and, 
that attempts of the kind would not be often made. 
In the twenty-eighth number of the Federalist, 
Mr. I-Ian')ilton says: 
It Inaj' be received as an axiom in our political 
systmn, that the State governa:ent.s wi\l, in all possible con- 
tingencies, aflörd conil)lete security against invasions 
public liberty by the national authority. 
P rojeets of usurp- 
at.ion cani10t, be nuts•ked under pretenses so likely to oscape 
the penetration of select bodies 01' rnen, as of thö people at 
'l'hc Legislature will have better tneans of iniOtnna- 
tion; they can discover the danger at a distance ; aud 
sessing ail the organs ()f' eiv:l power, and the confidence of 
the people, they can at once adopt a regular plan of oppo- 
sition, ill which they can collibiuc all tile resources of the 
cornmunity. 'They can readily co:nnnunicate with cach 
other in the (lilrerent States, and ite their connnon forces 
fin• the protection of their comtnon liberty." 
But, if military force was denied to the old Con- 
federacy for the execution of any of its laws; if the 
such- power in. the new Constitution, was the re- I 
grant fin• the like purpose was refused under the 
sult of mature deliberation. 
present Constitution; and if there he no pretext 
But it may be said that the denunciation of mil- 
E that, under the plea of enforcing laws against 
itary force was to induce and commend to popular I 
individuals, coercion Of' arrns znay be mnploycd 
against a Statc is its sovereignty. If this is a 
consolidated Government„if the States are pro- 
vinces or departments—if they hold the position 
to the Union that a district or county does to a 
Stt.Lc, then the denunciations of military force are 
unmeaning. England and Scotland were indc, 
pendent. kingdoms. - .Tliey were united into the 
kingdom of Great Btitain. Neither Madison, 
Hamilton, or any statesman or publicist, would 
denounce the use of force against Scotland were 
she to resist the laws of Great Britain or attempt 
to secede, for the reason that Scotland had relin- 
quislied her sovereign character, and is but a pro- 
vince or territorial division of the new kingdom. 
Will any one contend that the States hold the 
relative position to the Union that Scotland does 
to the kingdom of Great Britain? Scotland d)as 
no independent Legislature, no civil state, no con- 
trol over life, liberty, or property; ' no reserved 
powers, as has each State of this Union ; and mili- 
tary coercion which may be applied to the first as 
a rebellious province, a part of a political unity, 
cannot, at }east without express grant, be used 
acrainst the latter, which is a sovereignty, not a 
part ofa political unity, but a political unit itself, 
which, with other units, make the rnultiplc of the 
Union, or, out of the Union, a complétc and inde- 
pendent sovereignty. 
As the question of force acainst a seceding State 
depends mainly upon the chåractcr of the Gov- 
ernment, whether consolidated or a confederation 
by compact of sovereign States, and as the sov- 
creignty of the States and the right of seces- 
Sion were never asserted with more friicity and 
cogency than in the resolutions offered by Mr. 
Randolph, at Charlotte, in 1852, I will read them 
as a part of' my argurnent: 
"Resolved, That Virginia is, (tnd oucvht to be. a frcc, sov- 
ereign, and independent State; that she beca:ne so by her 
separate act, which has since been recognized by the civ- 
ilized and has never been disavowed, retracted, or 
ill anywise iinpaired or weakened by any subsequent act 
of hers. 
"Rcsoh•ed, That when, for common defense and com- 
Inon weltåve„- Virginia entered into a strict league of am- 
ity with the other twelve colonies of British North Amer- 
iea, she parted with no portion ot• her sovereignty, although, 
t•rcnn the necessity of the case, the authority to enförce ohe- 
dience thereto was, in certain cases, and (Or certain pur- 
poses, delegated to the cornrnon agents of the whole con- 
federacy. 
"Rcsolred„ That Virginia has never parted with the right 
to recall the authority so delegated, for good and sufficient 
cause, nor with the right to judge of the sufliciency of such 
cause, and to secede Croni the Confederacy whensoever she 
st:all fir)d the benefits of Union exceeded bv its evils— 
union being the means of seguring liberty and happiness, 
and not atl end to which these should be sacrificed. 
' 'Resolved, 'Ebat thc allegiance of' the people of Virginia 
due to her; that to her their allegiance is due, while to 
them she owes the protection a•rainst the consequences of 
such obedience." 
In the language of the resolution, Virginia has 
not parted with the authority to recall her dele- 
gated powers. Shc expressly reserved her rirrE1t 
in her act of ratification, declarino• 
that powers 
o•ranted under the Constitution, being derived from 
the people of the United States, may be resznned by 
them whenever the same shall be perverted to 
their injury or oppression, and that- every power 
not. gra•ntcd thereby remains with them, and at 
their will. 'I'he langutwe is wanting in precision, 
but its meaning cannot be mistaken. It speaks of 
the people of the United States. But as they did 
not collectively, or us a political body, grant any 
powers, so none can be resumed by them. The 
people of each State granted powers; and they can 
be resumed only by {he people of each State. Vir- 
crinia •vvas actino her own people, and could 
speak only for them. 
In the ratification by New York, the delegation 
of power by the people of the State, and their 
right resumption, are expressed in terms of 
great clearness: 
" 'l'hat ali power is originally vested in, and consequenfly 
favor the change by which the Federal laws were affainst a sovereign Statc,— 
can there be a shadow derived from, the ople, and that government is instituted 
made to operate immediately on individuals' and of claim in the General Governrnent to coerce a 
by them for their coznrnon interest, protection, and security. 
not, as formerly, on the States in their State into submission, that has bv solemn ordi- 
capacity. That this consideration had its influ- l' 
nancedissolved all connection with the Union, and 
ence, gppears from the debates themselves. One 
resumed its separate sovereignty and independ- 
sch(nue was called the coercion of force; the other, 
the coercion of law. Mr. Ellsworth, in the con- 
i The objection to a military force against a State 
necticut convention, after painting in strong colors 
was, that it would involve war and bloodshed. If 
the irnbecility of the Confederacy from the want 
this be valid, even when a State is in the Un_ion, 
of a coercion of force—that without coercion there if it acquires prodigious nower arainst any attemnt 
'l'fiat thc powers of Government may be reassurned by the 
people, whensoever it shall become necessary to their hap- 
piness; that ovcry pow•er, jurisdiction, and right, which is 
not by the said constitution clearly delegated to the Con- 
gress of the Uniåed States, or the departments of the Gov„ 
ernment thereof, remains to the people or the several States, 
or to their respective State goverrunentg, to whom they 
znay have granted the same." 
Rhode Island also declared: 
That all power is naturally vested'in, and consequently 
to employ force awainst a Stato which has as- derived from the people; that magistrates. therefore, are 
The only is, shall it be a coercion of' law or a 
their trustccs and agents, and at all times amenable to them. 
sumed separate clammin«r no advant- 
coercion of anns? There is no other possible alternative. 
'_Phat the powers of government may be rcassumed by the 
Where will those who oppose a coercion Of law come out?_ age from the Union and owino• it no duties 01' 
VVhero will they end? A neeeseary conscquenee of their obligations. The true ground of objection to forec i! ,yhensoever it shall become necessary to their hap 
