1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIDE. 
A bill (H. R. No. 724) for the relief of samp- 
son Stanfill. 
BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills from the House of Repre- 
sentatives were read twice by their titles, and rc- 
ferréd to the Committee on Pensions: 
A bill (No. 752) granting an invalid pension to 
Jacob Gates; and 
A bill (No. 828) for the relief of Amanda Baits, 
Laura P. W. Young, and Betsey Murdock, heirs 
of Barbara Walket•. 
GABRIEL J. JOHNSTON. 
Mr. POLK. I am directed by the Committee 
on Private Land Claims, to whom was referred 
the bill (H. R. No. 876) for the benefit of Gabriel 
J. Johnston , to report it back v„rithout amendment; 
and if the Senate will consent to it, 1 ask for the 
immediate consideration of the bill. 
Mr. KING. Let it be read for information. 
The Secretary road the bill, which proposes to 
confirm the entry made by Gabriel J. Johnston, 
of Jefferson county, Missouri, on the 2d of No- 
vember, 1829, of the northeast quarter of section 
eleven, in township fort.y-one north, of range four 
east, in the district of lands subject to sale at St. 
Louis, Missouri, notwithstanding that tract of 
land was at the time of cntry reserved frotn sale 
as mineral lands; and the Commissioner of the 
General Land Offce is required to issue to Ga- 
briel J. Johnston a paterit for the tract, as in or- 
dinary cases of the entry of public lands sub.jcct 
to sale at private entry. This act is not to be 
construed to interfere with any existip rights of 
third persons, but is only to operate as a relin- 
quisl'lrnent of the title of the United States. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is biil that has 
passed our committee—has it not? 
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir. There will be no ob- 
jection to it. The man has paid his money since 
1829. The land was reserved for mincral land, 
but turned out not to be BO. 
Thcrc being no objoction, the Senate, as in Com- 
mittee of the Whofe, proceeded to consider the 
bill. It was reported to the Senate ivithoutamcnd- 
ment, ordered to a third reading, read the thild 
time, and passed. 
CHARLES M'CORMICK. 
Mr. LANE. I move to take up the bill rcportcd 
by me the other day from the Committee on Mil- 
itary Affairs, fot the relief of Doctor McCormick. 
I believe there is no objection t.o the bill. 
Mr. GRIMES. to it at this time, bc- 
cause I think the Senatc IS exhausted ; and i thcrc- 
fore move that the Senate do now' adjourn. 
The VICE PRESIDEN'C. The 
Oregon moves to take up the bill (S. No. 38) for 
the relief of Charles McConnick, assistant sur- 
geon United States Army. The Senator from 
Iowa moves that the Scnatc do now adjourn, and 
that motion will take precedence. 
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Sonate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
MONDAY, January 28, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rev. J. G. BUTLER. 
The Jou rhal of Saturday was read and approved. 
ENROLLED BILLS. 
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported that the Committee had ex- 
amined and found truly cnrollcd bills of tho fol- 
lowing titles; and the Speaker thereupon signed the 
same : 
An act (H. R. No. 507) authorizing the Sec- 
retary of the Interior to issue a land warrant to 
Daniel Davis; and 
An act (H, R. No. 724) for the relief of Samp- 
son Stanfill. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. 
The SPEAKER laid the I-louse a com- 
munication from the Interior Department, in com- 
pliance with thc provisions of the eleventh section 
of the act of August 26, 1842, transmitting a state- 
ment showing the names of clerks and other per- 
Department may be madc without detriment to 
the public service. 
It was lai(.l• on the table, and ordered to be 
printed. 
Also, a communication from the same Depar.t- 
ment, in response to a resolution of the House, 
directing the Secretary of the Interior, in conjunc- 
tion with the Secretary of War, to- report any 
information in their Departments -in relation to 
depredations committed by Indians, &c.; which 
vvas referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, 
and ordered to be printed. 
Also, a cominunication from the War Depart- 
ment, respecting contracts with that Department 
for the year 1860, in compliance with acts of 1808 
and 180.9; which X,vas laid on the table, and or- 
dercd to be printed. 
BOSTON. PETITION. 
Mr. RICE. I have before me a memorial, pur- 
porting to be signed by upwards of fourteen thou- 
sand citizens of Boston, of various political opin- 
ions, asking for the speedy adoption of measures 
for the peaceable adjustment of the difficulties 
which now distract the country. I will merely 
remark that I have been requested, by the com- 
mittee to which thc memorial was intrusted, to 
present it to the Houses and ask-that it be read, 
laid on the table, and be printed. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to the printing. 
The memorial was carried to the Speaker's 
table, enveloped in the stars and stripes, and was 
received with considerable applause. 
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows: 
To the Senatc and House of Representatives of the United 
States in Congress. 
'I'he. rne.lnorial of tho subscribers, citizens of Boston, 
rcspcctfnl}y showeth : 
'Illat while sharing, in common with their fellow-citi- 
zens, tbc general solicitude at tbc dangers which arc nmv 
threatening the peace and nuity of our country, they desire 
to give, their urqent and emphatic expression of. the ncccs- 
sity which seems to cxist tor mutual conciliation and com- 
pron)ise. ; and therefore, without discussion of the merits 
01' the various questions at issue, your Incrnorialists hum- 
• bly pray that. such rneasures n•nay be speedily adopted by 
present diffcul- 
tur {.he pacific settlotnent of our 
ties as shall 02nbraee, substantially, such a plan of compro- 
Inise as may be deemed expedient to restore tranquillity 
and peace to our now distracted country. 
The memorial was laid upon the table, and 
ordered to be printed. 
NATIIANIEL IIDARD. 
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous. con- 
sent of the House for leave to discharge the Com- 
mittec of the W hole House on th e Pri vate Calendar 
from the further consideration of House bill No. 
631 , for thc relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Heard , 
in order that it may nowt be put on its passage; 
The rcport of l.he couunittec, which accompanies 
tbc bill, if read, will explain the object of the bill; 
and there will be, I think, •no objection to its 
pass.ncre. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Has my objection. the 
i printing of the Boston memorial been regarded ? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard no 
tion. [Laughter.] 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist on thc objection 
[Ci•ics of " Too late ! ' No, it 
which I made. 
is not too late. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec- 
tion comes too late. The petition has beeti laid 
upon the t.al)le and ordered to be printed, and 
another subject has been called up. 
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ask that the bill for the 
relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Heard be read. 
The bill was read. 
Mr. THOMAS. I object to discharging the 
Committee of the Wholc House from that bill. 
Mr. McCLERNAND and Mr. BURNETT 
called for the i•cgular order of business. 
Mr. MALLORY. 1 understood itwas agreed 
that the Committee of thc 'iVhole House on the 
Private Calendar should be discharged from the 
I heard no ob- 
further consideration of the biil. 
jection to my motion when I made it, and the bill 
was read through. 
The SPEAKER. The bill was read for infor- 
mation. Such the practice of the House. 
Mr. MALLORY. 1 hope that the gentleman 
from Tennessee will withdraw his objection. It is 
to withdrau; *'his? 
re ort. 
hr. THOMAS.- desire to 
able gentleman from 
pose cappious objection; aid 
a bill of,this sort shall pass withéytexaminåiÜ», 
When billS are tt*ken up 
not bé expected that members Will 
act on them. i want- time to -100k* into 
and I therefore hold on to my obiection. 
Mr. MALLORY. Leithegent)enhånwithdraw 
his objection and hear the repör_t. 
The SPEAKER. There has been a 
for, the regular ordér:of in--:itßelf 
is an objectiont to all other business. 
RESOLUTIONS- or MAINE. 
Mr. FOSTER,by unan imous consent, presented 
-joint -resolütions off the' Legislature of the Stateof 
Maine. 
The Clerk read cthe resolutions, as follo*s: 
STATE OF. MAINE. 
Resolve relating to• eCistingNatiöiidI 
Whereas, advices received from, 
information received iir many otherlwaji_s, it appeå-É$ ,-t.bat 
cxtensive combination eXists -of evil-disposed tp 
the dissolution of the Féderai '(Jniqn, alid tiib 
throw of the Governmcpt•, and whereas the pei)fild 
State are deeply attached to the Union åhd thorougbly116yal 
to the Govermnent, and are heartily devoted-to their-presi 
crvation and protection : Therefore, 
ResoZDed., Tliat the Governor be; and hereby iS, 
and requested to assure the President of the Uri-ited States 
of the _loyalty of the péople-ot• Maine to the Union und 
Govcrnmcnt thereof; and that the entire resources ofthé 
State in men and money are hereby piedgéd to the Adaiin'r 
istration in defense-and support of the Constitution and the 
Union. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REÉRÉSENTATIVES, 
Read and passed. 
January. 
J. G. Spbakgr:: 
I hope that tho House will 
sons employed by the Interior Dcpartmentfor the II a meritorious bill. 
year ending December 31, 1861, the time they considcr it at this time. It has been here for five 
were employed, and the amounts they rcspcctivcly I years, and these parties are in need of the relief 
I am sure that 
received. The communication statos that a very proposed to be ex t,eilded to them. 
considerable reduOtion in the Clerical force of the the gentleman's sense Of justice will induce him 
IN SENATE, January 18, 1$1 
Read and passed. 
WILLIAM C. HAMMAT'i, 
President pro tempore. 
Approved January 18, 1861. 
ISRAEL- WASHBURN, JN., 
OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF STATE, 
AüGVSTA, January 23, 1861. 
I hereby certify that the' foregoing is a true copy -of the 
original as deposited in this office. 
JOSEPH B. HALL, Secretary.of State. 
The resolutions wcre laid upon the table,' did 
ordered to be printed. 
C. W. C. DUNNINGTON. 
The SPEAKER then' proceeded, as the regular 
order of business, to call the States and Territo• 
ries for bills and resolutions for reference. 
Mr. TAPPAN , from the Committee of Clai-mss 
a bill for relief of C. W. C. Dunning• 
ton; which was read a first and second time by its 
, referred to a Committee of the Whole House 
ou the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa: 
n Ying report, ordered to 'be printed. 
CHILDREN OF REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIEI€. 
Mi•. ELIOT introdüc,ed a .j6int res•oltttiöh- 
tcndirig certain acts of Congress to the sm:viving 
children of the offcers and soldiers of the Revo• 
lution; whic.h was read a first and-second time by 
its title, and referred to the Committee on Revo- 
lutionary Pensions. 
ANN ELIZA PLATT. 
Mr. FENTON , from the Committee on Invalid 
Pensions* reported a bill -grantirlg a pension to 
Ann Eliza Platt, widow of Commandér,Charlés 
T. Platt, latc of -the United States-Navy; which 
was read a first and second time by its title, re- 
ferred toa Committce of the Whole House on the 
Private Calendar, and, with thc accompanying 
report, ordered to be_printed. 
BIGLER PROPOSITION. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask leave to in- 
I do not propose to consume the 
troduce a bill. 
timc of the House by asking that it be read. It 
embraces the proposition of compromise offered 
in the Senate by Senator BIGLER, of Pennsylva- 
nia. I want some mode adopted by which it.wi-]lbO 
i move that) its reading 
presented to the pcoplc. 
be dispensed with, and that it be referred to any 
committee of this House where it will -not be 
strangled. It is entitled a bill to p*ovide'föu• taking 
the sense of thc people -of lthe Several States on 
certain proposed amendments to: the Constitution 
Of the United States, 
