598 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
January 28, 
The bill was read a first and second time, and 
referred to the select committee of five. 
PETITION FROM NEW JERSEY ON THE CRISIS. 
Mr. RIGGS; by unanimous consent, prescnte:l 
a - memorial signed by S. R. White and others, 
of the fourth congressional district of New Jer- 
sey, asking -that a national convention may be 
called to settle existing diÆculties; which was 
-laid- upon -the table. 
RESOLUTIONS OF PENNSYLVANIA. 
Mr. COVODE. 1 submit resolutions of the 
State of Pennsylvania; 
, The Clerk read the' resolutions, as follows: 
Joint resolutions relative to the maintenance of the Consti- 
tution and the Union, adopted by thc Legislature of Penn- 
sylvania, January 24, 1861 : 
'-Whereas a convention of delegates assembled in the city 
of- Charleston, in the State of South Carolina, did, on the 
90th day of December, in the year of' our Lord 1860, adopt 
an ordinance, entitled "An ordinance to dissolve the Union 
between the State of South Carolina and other States uni- 
ted with her, under the compact entitled the Constitution 
of the United States of America,' whereby it is dcclarcd 
that tbc said Union is dissolved; and whereas it becomes 
the duty tho people of Pennsylvania, througb their rep- 
resentatives in this General Assembly, to make known 
what -they consider to be thc objects sought, and the obli- 
gations and duties imposed by the Constitution : 
Be ü therefore resolved, hy the Senate and House of Rep- 
resentatives of the Common Of Pennsylvania tn Gen- 
met, and it is hereby resolved, That the Con- 
stitution of the United States of America was ordained and 
established, as set forth in its preamble, by the beople of 
the United States, in order to form-a more perfect union, 
•establish justice, -insure do:nestic tranqui!lity, provide 
the common defense, promote tbe general weltare; and se- 
cure the blessings of liberty to themselves and their poster- 
ity; and if the people of any State in this Union are notin 
the full enjoyment o? all the benefits intended to be sccurcd 
to them by the said' Constitution ; it their rights under it 
are disregarded, théir tranquillity disturbed, their prosperity 
retarded, or their liberties imperiled, by the people of any 
other State, full and adequate redress can, and ought to bc, 
provided fbr such grievances through tkle action of' Con- 
gress, and other proper departments of the national Gov- 
ernment. 
2. Resolæd.. That the people of Pennsylvania entertain 
and desire.t.o cherish the most fraternal sentilnents fin the.ir 
brethren of other States, and are ready now, as they have 
ever bccn, to coöperate in: all meaéures needfül för their 
welfare, security, and happiness, under the C'onstitution 
which makes us one people. That while they cannot. sur- 
render their love of libertv inherited fronr the tuunders oc 
theirState, sealtd with the blood of the Revolution, and 
witnessed in the history of their legislation; and while they 
claim the observance of all their rights under the Constitu- 
tion, they nevertheless maintain now, as they have over 
done, the constitutional rights of the people the slave- 
holding States, to the uninterrupted enjoyment of their 
own domestic institutions. 
In the name and by the authority of the Commonwealth Qf 
Pennsytoania. dndrew G. Curtin, Gocernor of. the said 
Commonwealth, to an to whom these presents Shau come; 
sends greeting: 
Pennsylvania, ss : 
Knowye, that the attestation hereunto annexed is in due 
form, and made by the proper offcer, and that Samuel B. 
Thomas, whose name is subscribed thereto, was at the time 
of -subscribing the same, and now is, deputy secretary of 
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, duly appointed and 
commissioned, and full faith and credit are due and ought 
to be given to his official acts accordingly. 
Given under my händ and the great seal of the State, at 
Harrisburg, the 24th dity oc January, in the year 
[L. s.] of our Lord 1861, and of the Commonwealth the 
A. G. CURTIN. 
eighty-fifth. • 
By the Governor: 
ELI SLIFER, Secret.a•R! of the Commonwcatth. 
Mr. COVODE moved that thev be laid upon 
the table, and ordered to be printéd. 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let me say that the res- 
olutions just read express the sentiments of the 
people oi• tho State of Pennsylvania. They are 
just in sentiment, and firm in tone. 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. 
The question was then taken on Mr. COVODE'S 
motion; and it was agreed to. 
CRITTENDEN RESOLUTIONS. 
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented a memorial from citizens of his district, in 
favor of the Crittenden resolutions; which were 
laid upon the table. 
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a joint resolution 
proposing certain amendments to the Constitution 
of the United States. 
The resolution was read a first and second time 
by its title. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 ask that the resolution 
be. read, with a view to put it on its passage. 
tution, when ratified by conventions of three fourths of the 
several States ; 
ARTICLE l. Persons held to service or kibor for life in 
any State under the laws thereof may be taken into any "L'er- 
ritory of the United States south of latitude 36? 30', and the 
right to sucb service or labor shall not be impaired thereby. 
And any 'I'errQtorial Legislature shali have the cxcluslve 
right to make all needful rules and regulations for the pro- 
tectlon of such right, and or such persons, and for the Inain- 
tenance and treatment of such persons and their descend- 
ants, in their domestic relations. But Congress or any 
Territorial Legislature shall not have power to impair or 
abolish such right -of service in the said Territory nor in 
any other p!aec within the jurisdiction Of the UniteRStatcs, 
without the consent of all the States which maintain such 
service. 
ART. 2. When any Territory of the United States shall 
have a population equal to the ratio of representation iör 
onc rncmber of Congress, and the people Eba}l have formed 
a constitution for a republican form of governrnent,itbhail 
I bc admitted as a sovereign State into the Union; on an 
equal footing with the other States, by the proclamation of 
the President ofthe United States ; and the people may, in 
the constitution for such State, either prol)ibit or regulate 
tho right to labor or service, and after or amend the consti- 
tution- at their will. And ifthe President refuses to admit 
such Territory as a State, this article shall not deprive Con- 
gress of the power to admit such State. 
ART. 3. The m•escnt right ofrepresentation, in the section 
two, article one of the Constitution of the United States, 
shan never be altered withcn_lt the consent of au tbc States 
maintaining the right to service or labor for iife. And the 
regulation of' the right to labor or service in any of the States 
is hereby recoonized to be exclusively the right of each 
State within its own Iånits; and this constitution shall 
never be altered or amended to impair this right of each 
State without its consent: Provided,- 'Jlhat this mticle shall 
not be construed to absolve Ehe United States Government 
from renderintr assistance to suppress insurrections or do- 
mestic violence, as provided in thc section four, article four 
of this Constitution. 
ART. 4. The exclusive power to regulate or abolish the 
right to labor or service for life in the District of Colnrnhia 
is hereby ceded to thc State of Maryland, to be exercised 
in common with such rizht in that State, subject, never- 
theiess, to the judicial jurisdiction of the District of Co- 
litmbia. 
ART. 5. No Statc shall pass any law in any way inter- 
must be apparent to us all, that the people of the With or Obstructing the recovery of fugitives from 
justice, or from inbor or service, or any law of Congress 
country are anxious for the adoption of some 
measure of compromise. 
I desire to bring peace 
and harmony to a distracted nation. For that 
purpose I hold out this olive branch. Will the 
House accept it? I trust they will. 
I ask that 
the resolution be read, 
Objection was made. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Docs an prevent 
me from having the resolution read? 
The SPEAKER. It does. The resolution can 
only be received for reference. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I have submitted the joint 
resolution, and it has been read only by its title. 
3. Resolved, That we adopt the sentiment and language II I propose to put it on its passage; and I think 
to Congress on Lhe 16th day of January, 1833: 'l'hat the 
right ot• the people ofa single State to absolve thcmselvcs 
at Will, and without the consent of the other States, from 
their most solemn obligations, and hazard the liberties and 
happiness Of the millions composing this Union, cannot be 
acknowledged; and that such authority is utterly repug 
nant both to the principles upon which the General Gov- 
ernment is eoustituted and the objects which it was c.x- 
pressly fonned to attain." 
4, Resolved, 'I'hat the Constitution ot• the Unile,d States 
of America contains all the powers necessary to the Inain- 
tenance ('f its authority, and it is the solmnn and [nost itn- 
peratlve duty of the Coverrnncnt to adopt and carry into 
effect whatever zueasures may be necessary to that cnd ; and 
the faith and the power of Pennsylvania are hereby pledged 
to the support of such measures, in any Inanner aud to any 
extent that may be required of her by the constituted author 
ities of the United States. 
5. Resolved, Fl'hat all plots, conspiracies, and warlike. 
demonstrations aaainst the United States, ill anv scction of 
the countrv, are treasonable in their character ; and what- 
ever power of the Government is necessary t.o their sup- 
pression should be applied to that purpose without hesita- 
tion or deiay. 
6. Resolved, That the Governor be, and hc is hereby, rc- 
quested to transmit a copy of these resolutions to the Pres- 
ident of the United States, properly attested under the great 
seal of the Comtnonwealth, nad like attested copies to the 
Governors of the several States of this Union, and also to 
our Senators and Representatives in Congress, are 
hereby requested to present the same to the Senate and 
House of Representatives of the United States. 
W. DAVIS, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
ROBERT M. PALMER, 
Speaker of the Scnate. 
Approved January 24, 1861. 
A. G. CURTIN. 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF THE COMitONWEALTH, 
HARRISBURG, January 24, 1861. 
Pennsylvania, ss.• 
do' hereby certify that the foregoing is a full and true 
copy of the original resolutions of the General Assernbiy, 
entitled " Joint resolutions relative to the of 
the Constitution and the Ullion2' as the same remains on 
file in this office. 
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and 
affixed the seal of the Secretary's Gffce, the day 
and year above written. S. B. 'i'flOMAS, 
Députy Secretary of the Commonwealth. 
that have the right to have it read throuøh 
before it is put on its passaffe. 
The SPEAKER. ObjecG011 being made, the 
gentleman cannot put his resolution on its pas- 
It can only be received for reference. 
sage. 
Mr. FLORENCE. very well, then. 1 now 
offer amendments to the Constitution of the Uni- 
tcd States, and ask that they be read. 
Mr. BURNETT. This call is for the reception \ 
of bills and resolutions for reference only, and 1 
hope that it will be proccedcd with. 'I'he gentlc- 
Inade under article four, section two of this Constitution ; 
and all laws in violation of this article may be declared 
void by the Supreme Court of the United States at the snit 
of any State. 
ART. 6. As a right of comity between the citizens of the 
several States. the right of transit with held to 
labor or service for life, or for years, frorn 07')c Suite to an- 
other, *hail not be interfered with, without the consent of 
all the States Inaintainitlß such service. 
ART. 7. VVhenever any State shall grant by law to citi- 
zens of other States the right t.o sojourn for a limited period 
with persons held to servjce or labor, i? such persons escape 
they shall be subject to recovery as fugitives, under the pro- 
visions of this Constitution, and shall be returned to the 
Stnt.e fratu which t_hev were brought, 
ART. 8. The traffiéMn slaves Witb Africa is hereby for- 
over prohibited. And. the descendants of Africans shah 
not be Inadc•citizens. 
ART. 9. All acts of anv inhabitant of the United States 
tending to incite persons •heid to service or labor, to insur- 
rection or, acts of domestie violence or to abscond, shall 
be considered and prohibited as contrary to law, and a 
penal oflénse. 
ART. 10. 'The county of any State, wherein a person 
owin«r service, or labor is rescued frolü the custody of the 
owner, agent, or oflicer, shali be bound to pay the full value 
of such person, for the usc of the owner, at the suit of the 
United States. 
ART. II. Persons held to service or labor for life, under 
the laws of any State or Territory, shall not be taken into 
any 'Territory of the Unitcd States, while in a territorial 
man cannot put his amendments on their passage condition, north of latitude 360 30'. 
ART. 12. Alleged labor or service, on re- 
now; and I hope hc will not consume time in hav- 
- ing them read. 
Mr. FLORENCE. My object is to get the 
propositions before the House for action. I gave 
notice, the other day, that I would move them as 
amendments to the report of the select committee I 
of thirty-three. I will withhold my amendments 
to tho Constitution of the United States, and move 
that the joint resolution be referred to the select 
committee of five. 
The question v,ras taken; and the motion was 
agreed to. 
Mr. FLORENCE 's joint resolution is as follows: 
Joint resolution proposing certain ainendmen ts to the Con- 
stitution of the United States. 
Whereas serious and alarming dissensions have ariscn 
between the northern and southern States concerning the 
rights and security of the rights of the slaveholding States, 
and cspecially their rights in the couuuon territory of the 
United States; and vvhereas it is mninently desirable and 
proper that those dissensions, which now threaten the very 
existence of this Union, should be permanently quieted and 
settled by constitutional provisions, which shall do equal 
justice to all sections, and thereby restore to the people that 
peace and good will which ought to prevail between all the 
citizens of the United States: Therefore, 
Resolved 'by the Senatc and House of Representatives of 
quest, shall have a trial by jury at the place to M.'hich they 
inay be returned. 
ART. 13. All allc«cd fugitives charged with cri:ne com- 
mitted ill violation of the laws of the State frotn ',vhieh 
they fled shall, on dclnand, be returned to such State. and 
shall have the right of triak by jury, and, if 
such person 
claims to be a citizen of another State, shaE\ have a right of 
appeal, or of writ of error, to the Supreme Court of the Uni- 
ted States. 
ART. 14. Citizens of any State sojourning in another 
State shall not be subject to violence or punishment. nor 
injured in their persons or property, writhout trial by jury 
and due proecss of law. 
ART. 1.5. No State, or the peopic there.o?, shall rctirc 
from this Union without the eonscnt of three iöurths of all 
the States. 
ART. 16. 'i*he reserved power of the people in three 
fourths oc the States to call and forrn a national con vention 
to alter, amend, or aboiisli this Constitution. according to 
its provisions, shall never bc questioned, noi.withstanding 
the directions in article five of the Constitution. 
ART. 17. rllhe articles eight, nine, and ten of these amend- 
mcnts shall not be altered svith01_1t, the consent of all the 
States maintaining service or labor {Or life. 
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY. 
Mu•. WHITELEY. 1 ask 
sent of the House to take up, and put upon its 
passage, Senate bill No. 95. I ask for the reading 
the United States of ,dmerica in Congress assembled, (tw•o Of the f)ilt. 
Tho bill, which was road, directs the Secretary 
thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the foliowiug arti- 
cles be, and are hereby, proposed and sub:nitted as amend- 
of the Treasury, out 01 any money in thc 'I' reas- 
ments to the Constitution ot' the United Statcs, which shall 
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to Eliza- 
be valid to all intent? and purposes as part of s:aid Consti- 
