1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL ' 
beth Montgomery, daughter and sole •heir of 
Captain- Hugh Montgomery, of the ship Nancy, 
of Wilmington, Delaware, $5,000, in full compen- 
sation for his successful effort to prevent the pow• 
der and munitions of war belonging to the United 
States on board said ship, and for his interest in 
the value of said ship, which he blew up to pre- 
vent her cargo from falling into the hands of the 
enemy during the war of the Revolution. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 the bill should 
be referrcd; and therefore I object. 
I have called 
for the regular order of business, and I insist 
upon it. 
DISTRICT COLUMBIA. 
Mr. HUGHES introduced the following reso- 
tion : 
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum- 
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of retro- 
ceding to the State of Maryland that portion of the District 
of Columbia not necessary to the wants of the Federal 
Government and adjacent to said State, separated from the 
main portion of the District of Columbia by the eastern 
branch of the Potomac river. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Cannot that resolution be 
so arnended as to instruct the committee to inquire 
into the expediency of retroceding the entire Dis- 
trict to Maryland ? 
The resolution was agreed to. 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT. 
A message, in writing, was received from the 
President of the United States, by J. G. GLoss- 
BRENNER, his Private Secretary; also, a messaoe 
notifying the House that he had approved and 
signed a bill (H. R. No. 467) 
crranting a pension 
to Eliza Reeves. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. unan- 
imous consent that the message of the President 
be read. 
Mr. BURNETT. It can be read atsome other 
time. 
UNION RESOLUTION. 
Mr. BOTELER. 1 desire to present to the 
House a resolution adopted at a meeting of the 
conservative Union men of Jefferson county, Vir- 
ginia, held at Charlestown, on Monday last. The 
resolution is as follows: 
Resolved, 'i'hat, in the opinion of this meeting of dele- 
gates, tho present condition of this country is such as re- 
quires the pending difficulties between the slave and free 
States to be pennanently settled, and that the convention 
of the people of 'his State should not finally adjourn before 
such pertnanent settlerrent is had ; and further, that the 
convention. beföre taking any such action as would spp- 
arate this State from the existing. Federal Government, 
should use every exertion to prcscrvc the Union upon a 
basis of justice to all the sections—such, for instance, as 
that known as the Crittenden resolutions. 
The resolution was referred to the select com- 
mittec of five. 
TROOPS IN WASHINGTON. 
Mr. CRAIG E, of North Carolina, asked unan- 
imous consent to introduce the following resolu 
tion : 
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to re- 
port to this House how troops have been ordered to 
this citv since the 1st day of' Decelnher last; whence they 
have been drawn ; the, nature and character of the same; 
and for what purpose they are quartered here in a tune of 
proiOund peace. 
Objection being made, the resolution was not 
received. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I am not 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object, and call for {he 
regular -order of' business. 
Mr. STANTON. Will it in to move 
, to suspénd the rules? 
The SPEAKER. Not at this timc. 
The bill was read a first and second time. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that the bill bere- 
ferred to the Committee on Military Afläirs. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move to refer it to -the 
Committee for the District of Columbia. 
The question was first put upon the motion of 
Mr. STANTON ; and it was not agreed to. 
The bill was then reförred to the Committee for 
the District of Columbia. 
AMENDMENTS TO CONSTITUTION. 
Mr.VALLXNDIGHAM. resolution 
which, at the proper tillie, I propose to submit as 
an amendment to the joint resolution introduced 
by thc gentleman froin New York, [Mr. J011N 
COCHRANE,] in reference to a vote of the people of 
tho several States on propositions to amend thé 
I ask that it 
Constitution of the United States. 
bc referred to the select committee of five. 
'The joint resolution was received, read a first 
and second time, and referred accordingly. 
WATER-WORKS IN WASHINGTON. 
Mir. BURNETT introduced a bill amendatory 
of an act approved March 3, 1859, entitled ' 'An 
act to provide for the care and preservation of the 
water-works constructed bv the United States for 
bringing the Potomac water into t-ht•• city of Wash- 
intrton and Georgetown, for the supply of water 
fbr all Government purposes, and for the uscs and 
benefits of the inhabitants of' said cities;" which 
was read a first und second time, and referred to 
the Committee for the District of Columbia. 
SAMUEL ROACH. 
Mr. QUARLES introduced a bill for the ben- 
I efit of Samuel Roach; which was read first and 
second time, and reförred to the Committee of 
Claims. 
COURT OF CLAIMS. 
Mr. QUARLES also introduced a bill to amend 
"An act to establish a court for the investigation 
of claims against the United States,' approved 
February 24, 1855; whicli was road a first and 
second time, and referred to the Committee on the 
Judiciary. 
RAILROADS—POST ROADS. 
Mr. QUARLES also introduced a bill to de- 
clare the railroad bridges across the Cumberland 
river, at Nashville, 'Pennessee, and at Clarkes- 
Ville, rrcnnessee, and the railroad bridge across 
the r rennessce river near the mouth of Cane creek, 
in Stewart county, Tennessee, post roads; which 
was read a first and second time, and reförred to 
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads. 
RESOLUTIONS OF TENNESSEIO LEGISLATURE. 
Mr. QUARLES presented tho resolutions of 
the Tennessee Legislature; which were read, and 
laid on the table. 
Tho resolutions w•cre as follows: 
l. Resolocd by the General .Rssembl.y of Tennessee, That 
a convention ot' delegates froin ail the slaveholding States 
I Should assemble at Nashvi}le, Tennessee, or such other 
place as a rnajori ty cf' the States co;_ peraf.ing n:jay designato 
on the 4th day February, to digest and define bascs upon 
the Fedcral Union and the constitu- 
which, 
if possible 
I havo sought i 
well versed in the rules of order. 
tional rights of the siave States may be preserved and per- 
the floor at least one dozen times during this ses- 
Sion to move to take up two important bills, as I 
consider, introduced by me' last session—one to 
reduce the mileage and-compensation of members, 
and the other a pension bill. I believe that a large 
majority of thc people desirc that those bills should 
2. Resolved, Tl_lhat the General Asse:nbiy of Tennessee 
appoint a number of delegates to said convention, of out 
ablest and wisest rnen, equal to our who!e delegation in 
(Jongrcss ; and that the Governor of Tennessee imn:ediately 
I furnish copies of these resolutions tu the Govcnvn•s of t.l')e 
slaveholding States, and urge *the participation of such 
pass; and I ask if, by •the rules of the I-louse, I States in said convention. 
can—availing myself of the call for resolutionsand 
3. Resol:ccd, 'l'hat in tho opinion of the General Asseln- 
blv or 'I'ennessee, such plan of adjusunent shou}d clubracc 
bills frolü North Carolina—call up the pension the fötlowin« propositions as amendinents to the Constitu- 
bill, with the view of asking for it to be put upon I tion of the (jutted States: 
First. A declaratory amendment that African slaves, as 
its passage ? 
hold under the instituüons of the slaveholding States, shan i 
'The. SPEAKER. It cannot be done, except by be as property, and entitled to the status of other 
i property, in the States where slavery exists, in all places 
unanimous consent. 
i 'vviLhin the exellEive jurisdiction of Congress ill the slave. 
Mr. LEACH. I ask the unanimous consent 
States, in all the rperritories south of 360 30 , in the District 
of the House. 
I of Columbia, in transit, and while tmnporarily_ sojourning 
Objection being made, the bill was not taken up I 
with the owner in the non-slaveholding States and crerri- 
toriesnorth of 350 30? ; and, w0en ft2gitives from the owner, 
MILITIA 0k' Dlsmn.1CT OF COLUMBIA. 
I in the *Overal places above natned, as welt as in all places 
Mr. STANTON introduced and asked leave to in the exclusive ju$sdietion of Congress, in the non-slave 
Federal, aid -t#ritörial 
Line, now owned. or to be -aéquired, 
nized as existing. Aud wbenév_eE Status' Of 
anv of said territory south. Of 
admission. into the Union,j the -saniesbåIE -as 
skave States ; , while, Slat.es 
said territory and -bavinä populåtion. 
sionai district, shall' •be• adiiiitted WithoUi 
the States fotrned out of säid 
having been admi\ted as ID(hnbe.rs Of 
all the powers over the institution of slavery_posæssed-hy 
the other Stattxg oc the Uniön. 
Third. Congress Shall -have no pOwer io:aboliSli• Élmry 
in places under-its exclnSivejurisdicti0n, -aridBiiuate .Wi.thit1 
the limits of States that permit {he holding:of-siav.es. 
Fourth. Congress sbail have no power-to abOiisU skivery 
within the District of Columbia, as long as it exists_in tho 
adjoining States of Virginia and Maryland, Oi elther,---ilor 
without the consent of the inhabitants, nor without: just 
compensation - -glade to-such Owners Of' >laVes• as trot 
consent to Such åbölishméht.- NOr- shall Cöngress•at äny 
time pröhibit oflicers of 
bers of Congress, whos'e duties require them to-bé im said 
District, fronx bringing with them tbq$r_-sldvee, ana hQlditig 
thern as such, (luring the time tliéit 'dütiés - require 
them to remain there, and. afterwords:takiig them-from-the 
District. 
Fifth.. Congress shall have no power_tö prohibit bHhlüder 
tbe transportation QC slaves from one State to another, to 
a rrerritory in which slaves ure by law permitted to, be held, 
whether that transportation be by land, navigable i•ivers, or 
by the sca. 
Sicth. In udditiön to the fugitive slave, clausc, provide 
that when a slave• has been demanded or the -executive 
authority of the State to Which he has fled, if he-is no_t de- 
livered, and the -owner permitted to carry him out of the 
State in peace, t.bat the State so failing to delivér•shall pay 
to the owner the value of such such damage's as 
he may have sustained jn attempting to reclaim his slave, 
and secure his right of action in the Supreme-Court of the 
United States, witli execution against tlie properLY such 
State, and of the individual tnembers thereof. 
Secenth. No further amendment of t.he Constitution 
shaki atiOct the five preceding articles, nor _the third ,para• 
graph of the-second section of thc first article of -the- Con- 
stitut.ion. nor the third paragraph of the éeCond stCUon- 
the (Ourih article of said Constitution ; and nwamendnfen_tg 
shall be made to the Constitution which will authorize or 
give to Congress any power to abolish or interfere with gla-- 
very in any of the; States by whose laws. it is or may be 
allowed or permitted. 
•-Eicrhth,. 'Phat slave, property shall be rendered secure in 
transit through, or while temporårily sojourning in, thO pon- 
slaveholding States, Or Territories; or-in die District -Of 
Columbia. 
Ninth. An amendment to the effect that all fugitiVés tire 
to be deemed those offending the laws within the jurisdie- 
Cion of the State, and who escape therefrom to otuer States ; 
and that it is the duty of each State to suppress anned 
invasions of another State. 
4. Resolved, That-said, -convention of -the 
States, having agreed upon a basis of adjustment satisfactory 
to then)se] ves, Ill, in the opinion ofthis General Assem- 
k)ly•, refOr it 10 a eoåvention ()t• all the States, slaveholding 
atl(l non-slavcbolding, in the Inanner tOllowing: It should 
invite all the States friendly to such plan of adjustment to 
elect delegates, in such manner as to reflect the popular 
will, to assennble in a constitutional convention of all the 
States, north and south, to be held at Rielnnond, Virginia, 
of 1861, to revise and perfect Said 
on the 
plan of adjustrnent its reterencc for final ratification and 
adopt.ion by conventions of the States respectively. 
5. Resolved, 'I'ha't should a plan ofadjusune,nt iatisfactory 
to the South, not be acceded to by the requisite numbér of 
States to perfect amendments to the Constitution of- the 
United States, it is the op(nlon of this General Assembly 
that the slaveholding States shouldadopt fort-hemeelves-tbe- 
Constitution of the -United States,- with sucli amendments 
as may be satisfactory to -the sipvebolding Siates, and that 
they should invite into a Union with th-em' all 'StateSofthe 
North which are willing tp abide such amend-ed-Cöåstitu- 
tion and frame of Government, severing at once all cOhnec- 
lion with States reftzsinrr such reasonable guarantees to our 
future safÉty—such rchewed conditions of Fedeml Union 
being first submitted for ratification to con ventions•ofall the 
States respectively. 
6. Resolved, That tho Governor of Tennessee furnish 
copies of these resolutions immediately to the Governors of 
the slaveholding and non-slaveholding States. 
COST OF MAIL SERVICE. 
Mr. COLFAX. r have in my hand a commu- 
nication frolil the Post Office Department in ref- 
I ask that 
erence to the cost of the rnail service. 
it bc refin•red to the Committee on the Post Offce 
and Post Roads, and that it be printed. 
No objection being made, it was so ordered. 
POST ROUTES. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill declar- 
ing ail railroad bridges post routes; which was 
read a first and second time, and referred-to the 
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 
JOHN C. WATLOUS. 
HAMILTON asked the unanimous con- 
sent to introduce the following resolution: 
Resolved, Cl'bat the consideration of the report.hfrom -tlie 
C,mrnnittee on the Judiciary in the case-ofJ.ohmC, 'Wat.i•oug, 
district judge of the United Stgtes for- th6 eastgra district 
put on its passage a bill to amend an act entitled holding States. 
i i Second. That in all th'e territory now owned, or which o? 'i'pxas, b? rnade the special order of,tlie Monday, 
II the 4tl'l ot• February next, after the expiration of the rn0Yl'i- 
"An act more effectually to provide for the oro•an- 
rnay bc herenfter acquired by the• United Statee, south of 
hour. and that the considerattcn -of'ibe be contin 
ization of the militia of the District of Columbia," 
täe parallel of' 360 30'. African slavery shali be reco:-nuzed 
as and be prutected by all the departments of the uéd f'ro:n dn.y to day untihi-t 'disposcd 
approved March 3, 
