600 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28, 
Mr. KILLINGER objected; and the resolution 
was not received. 
SOLDIERS IN FORT SUMTER. 
Mr. CURTIS introduced a bill for the relief of 
certain musicians and soldiers stationed at Fort 
Sumter, in South Carolina; which was read a first 
and second time. 
Mr. CURTIS. I ask that the bill may be put 
upon its passaRe now. 
Mr. BURNETT objecting, the bill was referred 
tmthe Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered 
to •be prioted. 
HERMITAGIC. 
Mr.' CURTIS, from the Committee on Military 
Affairs, made an adverse. report on thé matter re- 
lating to the propriety df accepting the Hermitage 
asa branch of the Military Academy, or for some 
other school or purpose; which was laid on the 
table, and ordered to be printed. 
STATE OF TilD UNION. 
Mr. VANDEVER introduced a joint resolu- 
tion in reference to the political difficulties of the 
country; which was read a first and second time, 
and referred to the select committee of five. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I would like to have a vote 
upon all these resolutions. The time has come 
when we should show hands all around, and let 
the countr -.know what we are going to do. 
Mr. KliLlNGER. 1 object. 
Mr. BURNETT. Would it be in order to vote 
upon these resolutions by unanimous consent? 
The SPEAKER. It would be. 
Mr. JUNICfN, 1 object. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 would like to 
in reference to those resolutions. 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. 
DUTY ON SUGAR. 
Mr. ALDRICH introduced the following res- 
olution: 
Resolucd, That the Committee of WVays and Means be, 
and are hercby, instructed -to inquire into the expediency 
and propricty of repealing the laws, or parts laws, 
posing a duty or tariff' on sugar imported into the United 
States; and that said conuniltce report by bill or otherwise. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman allow 
that resolution to be so amended us to include the 
repeal of duties upon iron, and also the fishing 
bounties? 
The resolution was agrced to. 
SURVEYING DISTRICTS. 
Mr. ALDRICH introduced bill for the con- 
solidation of surveying districts; which was read 
a first and sccond time, and referrcd to the Com- 
mittee on Public Lands. 
CHARLES . 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, introduced a 
bill for the relief of Charles 'J'hompson•, which 
was read a first and second tirne, and refin•rcd to 
the Committee on the Post Oflicc and Post Roads. 
IIALF-BRL'L'D RESERVATION. 
Mr. DAILY introduced a bill declaring tho 
Indian half-breed reservation to bc a part of the 
Territ.ory of Nebraska; which was read a first 
and second time, and refcrrcd to the Committee 
on Territories. 
STATE or TliE UNION. 
Mr. McKEAN. 'I beg loave to present the 
proceedings of a large and unanimous mccting, 
held without distinction of party, at Sandy Hill, 
New York, dcclaring their approbation of the 
President's late special message to Congress; that 
Major Anderson is entitled to their warmest 
thanksand gratitude,and shall be sustained, what- 
ever may be the consequences; that no State has 
the right to dissolve its connection with this Gov- 
ment, and every attempt to do so must be pre- 
vented at every hazard; that every man, North 
or South, who sets the Government defiance, 
and aids in secession or disunion; is guilty of 
treason; calling on the Government to promptly 
reinforce Fort Sumter with men and supplies; to 
retake, without reference to consequences, every 
fort, arsenal, custom-house, or other public prop- 
erty, seized by southern traitors; to immediately 
blockade every harbor of every seceding State, 
and stop all pöstal communication with them. 
I also present memorial, folded in the Ameri- 
can flag, signed by five hundred and fifty-three 
legal voters, without distinction of party, of 
Whitehall', New •York, with preamblc and reso- 
lutions attached, deploring the distracted condi- 
tion of the country, and requesting their Senators 
and instructing their Representatives in Congress 
to urge the immediate •passage of the Crittenden 
compromise, or, without delay, adopt some other 
mode of adjustment which may be satisfactory to 
all sections of the Union, and forever settle this 
unwise controversy and agitation. 
The proceedings and memorial were laid upon 
the table. 
WITHDRAWAL OF PABRS. 
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, Icave was granted 
for the withdrawal from the files of the House of 
the memorial and accompanying papers of Wil- 
liam D, Nutt. 
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITION. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, presented the pro- 
geedings of a public meeting held at Gosport, in 
his congressional district, recommending the a-dop- 
t.ion of the Crittenden proposition; which were 
laid upon the table. 
BORDER SLAVE STATES. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I offer the follow- 
ing resolution: 
Resolved, 'I'hat the members of this House from tke bor- 
(ler slave States be respectfully requested to submit to this 
House an •ultimatum proposition, embracing their viex«vs 
upon the questions now dividing the Union, and by which 
tlley are willing to stand, and pledge their respective States 
to stand, now and hereafter, as a final settlement of said 
questions. 
Mr. GROW. I object to that resolution. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I movc the previous 
question upon the resolution. 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is objected to. 
The SPEAKER. The resolution is order 
under the call of the States; and the call for the 
previous question by the gentlemal'i frorn Illinois 
cuts off debate. 
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from Illinois 
had the floor whcn I nulde the objecti01'l, sup- 
pose he could rnove the l.n•evious question. 
The SPEAKER. He was on the floor and 
moved the previous question. 
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
If the pre- 
vious question be not sustained, the resolution 
must go over, if any gentleman proposes to de- 
bate it. 
I call for tellers on seconding the' demand 
for the previous question. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SOMES, and 
CRAIG of Missouri, were appointcd. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I modify my res- 
olution by striking out the word " border," so 
as to make it rcad the slave States." 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 29; noes not counted. 
So the previous question was not seconded. 
Mr. YVASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 propose 
to debate the resolution. 
The SPEAKER. the resolution must 
lie over. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
I move a suspen- 
Sion oc the rules, so that the resolution may be 
considered now. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I believe the morning hour 
has expired ; and that the motion of the gentleman 
from Illinois is not in order. 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex- 
pired; and nothing is in order but .to proceed to 
the consideration of the spccial order, upon which 
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. PRYOR] has 
the floor by assignment. 
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman Virginia 
is not here to claim the floor. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 havc for him, and he 
will bo here in a moment. 
Mr. NOELL. As the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia is not present, I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to take up Senate bill No 7, which 
I attem ted to get up the other day. 
Mr. how. 1 object. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 notice that a number of 
propositions referred to the committee of five this 
morning have been ordered to be printed. I hope 
that, by unanimous consent, all such propositions 
will be printed. 
Mr. BOCOCK. My colleague [Mr. PRY0R] is 
now in his place. 
COLLECTION OF REVENUE, ETC. 
Mr. With the permission of the 
gentleman from Virginia, I desire to oilier a reso- 
lution calling for information. It will give rise to 
no debate. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Resoloed, That the Secretary of the, Treasury be requested 
to inform this House whether the duties on imports con- 
tinué to be collected in the ports of entry establistléd by 
law in the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, 
Louisiana, -aid Florida; and whether any hindrances exist 
to the lawful entry and clcaring of vessels therein. Also, 
the present condition of -the light-houses, beacons, and 
buoys in the said harbors and adjacent waters. Also, what 
measures, if any, have been taken to secure the revenue 
vessels in the service of the Departrnent from seizure; or 
to recover possession of such as have. been seized. Also, 
what measures have been adopted for the security of the 
public moneys in the hands of depositaries in the aforesaid 
States, and whether they are available to the Treasury. 
Also, whether the use and control of any of the marine 
hospitals, permanent or temporary, have been interfkn•ed 
with, and what proceedings have been adopted with reter- 
ence thereto. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 object 
to that resolution. 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
Mr. GROS,V. With the permission gen- 
tleman from Virginia, I desire to give notice to 
the Housc that if I can get the floor when the 
gentleman from Virginia has concluded, I shall 
endeavor to call up the bill for the admission of 
Kansas into the Union, which has been returned 
from the Senate with amendments. 
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT. 
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from 
Virginia permit a message from the President 
which was received this morning, and lies upon 
the Speaker's table, to be read before he com- 
menccs his remarks? It ought to be referred. 
Mr. PRYOR. I will yield for that purpose, 
provided it T,vill not come out of my time. 
Mr. STANTON. Of not. 
The SPEAKER then laid before the I-louse a 
message from the President of the United States; 
which was read by the Clerk, as follows: 
To the Senate and 
Ilouse of Representatives of t.he United States: 
I deem itmydutyto submit to Congrcss a series 
of resolutions adopted by the Legislature of Vir- 
crinia,on t.he 19t.h instant, having in view a peace- 
ful settlcment of the exciting questions which now 
threaten the Union. They •wvere delivered to me 
on Thursday, the 24th instant, by ox-President 
Tyler, who has left his dignified and honored re- 
tirernent in the hope that he may render service 
to his country in this its hour of peril. These res- 
olutions, il will be perceived, extend an invitation 
to all such States, whether slaveholding or non- 
slaveholding, as are willing to unite with Virginia 
in an earnest effort to adjust the present unhappy 
controversies in the spirit in which the Constitu- 
tion was originally formed, and consistently with 
its principles, so as to afford to the people of the 
slaveholding States adequate guarantees for the 
security of their rights, to appoint commission- 
ers to meet, on the 4th day of February next, in 
the city of Washington, similar commissioners 
appointed by Virginia, to consider, and, if prac- 
ticablc, agree upon some suitable adjustment. " 
I confess I hail this movement, on thc part of 
Virginia, with great satisfaction. From the past 
history of this ancient and renowned Common- 
wealth, we have the fullest assurance that what 
she has undertaken she will accomplish, if it can 
bc done by able, enlightened, and perseverinT 
efforts. It is highly gratifying to know that other 
patriotic States have appointed, and are appoint- 
ing, commissioners to mect those of Virginia in 
council. When assembled, they will constitute a 
body entitled, in an eminent degree, to the confi- 
dence of the country. 
The General Assembly of Virginia have also 
resolved thatex-PresidentJohn Tyler is hereby 
appointed, by the concurrent vote of each branch 
of the General Assembly, a commissioner to the 
President of the United States; and Judge John 
Robertson is hereby appointed, by a like vote, a 
commissioner to the State of South Carolina and 
the other States that have seceded or shah secede, 
with instructions respectfully to request the Pres- 
ident of the United States and the authorities of 
such States to affl•ee to abstain, pending the pro- 
ceedings cont.emplatcd by the action of this Gen- 
era] Assembly, from any and all acts calculated 
to produce a collision of arms between the States 
and the Government of the United States. 
However strong may be my desire to enter into 
such an agreement, I am convinced that I do not 
