1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
possess the power. Congress, and Congress alone, 
under the war-making power, can exercise the 
discretion of agreeing to abstain " from any and 
all acts calculated to produce a collision of arms" 
between this and any other Government. 
would, therefore, be a usurpation for the Execu- 
tive to attempt to restrain their hands by an agree- , 
ment in regard to matters over which he has 110 
constitutional control. 
•If he were thus to act, 
they might pass laws which hc should be bound 
to obey, though in conflict with his acreement. 
Under existing circumstances, my present ac- 
tual power is confined within narrow limits. It 
is my duty at all times to defend and protect the 
public property within the seceding States so far 
as this may be practicable, and especially to em- 
ploy all constitutional means to protect the prop- 
erty of the United States, and to preserve the 
public peace at this the seat of the Federal Govt 
If the seceding States abstain " from 
ernment. 
any and all acts calculated to produce a collision 
of arms," then the danger so much to be depre- 
cated will no longer exist. Defense, and not 
aggression, _has been the policy of the Adminis- 
tration from the beginning. 
But whilst' I can enter into no engagement such 
as that proposed, I cordially commend to Con- 
gross, with much confidence that it 'wvill meet their 
approbation, to abstain from passing any law cal- 
culated to produce a collision of arms pending the 
proceedings contemplated by the action of the 
Genaral Assembly of Virginia. I am one of those 
who will never despair of the Republic. I yet 
cherish the belief that the American people will 
perpetuate the Union of the States on some terms 
just and honorable for all sections of the country. 
trust that the mediation of Virginia may bc tho 
destined means, under Providence, of accomplish- 
ing this inestimable benefit. Glorious as are the 
memories of her past history, such an achieve- 
ment, both in relation to her own fame and the 
•svelfare of the whole country, would surpass them 
JAMES BUCHANAN. 
all. 
.•WASHINGTON CITY, January 28, 1861. 
EXF.CÜTIVF. DEPARTMENT, RICHMOND, 
January 20, 1861. 
SIR : have the honor to transmit herewith resolutions 
adopted by the General Assembly of Virginia yesterday. 
JOAN LETCHER. 
Very respectfully, 
Preamble and Resolutions adopted by the General ussembly 
of Virginia, January 19, 1861. 
Whereas it is the deliberate opinion of the General As- 
sembly of Virginia, that unless the unhappy controversy 
which now divides the States of this Contéderacy shall be 
satisfactorily adjusted,a permanent dissolution of the Union 
is inevitable; and the General Assembly, representing the 
wishes of the people of the Commonwealth, is desirous of 
employina every reasonable ineans to avert so dire a calam- 
ity, and determined to make a final efi'ort to restore, t.lle. 
Union and the Constitution, •in the spirit in which they 
were established by the ththers of the Republic : 'Vhercfore, 
Resolved, That on behaEf of the Conunonsvcalth of Vir 
ginia, an invitation is hereby extended to all such States, 
whether slaveholdinr-{ or non-slaveholding, as are willing to 
unite with Virginia in an earnest effort to a4just the present 
unhappy controversies in the spirit in which the Constitu- 
tion was originally formed, and consistently with its prin- 
ciples, so as to afford to the people of the slavehoiding 
States adequate guarantees for the securit.v of their rights, 
to appoint commissioners to meet, on the -4th day of Feb- 
ruary next, in the city of Washington, similar conmission- 
ers appointed by Virginia. to consider, and, if practicable, 
acree upon somc suitable adjustment. 
Resolved, That ex-Presidcnt John Tyler, William C. 
Rives, Judge John W. Brockenbrough, George W. Sum- 
rners, and Jarnes A. Seddon, are hereby appointed corn:nis- 
sioners, whose duty it shall be to repair to the city of VVash- 
meet such commissioners as may be appointed by any of 
the said States, in accordance with the foregoin« resolu- 
tion. 
Resolved, Fl'hat if said commissioners, after full and free 
conference, shall auree upon any plan of adjustment requir- 
ina amendrnents ofthe Federal Constitution, for the further 
security of the rights of tho people ofthe slaveholding States, 
they be requested to communicate the proposed amend- 
ments to Congress, iör the purpose of having the same sub- 
mitted hy that body, according to the forms of the Consti- 
tution, to the several States for ratification. 
Resolved, That if said cenntnissioners cannot agree on 
such adjustinent, or, if agreeing, Congress shall refuse to 
subinit for ratification such amendlnents as may be pro- 
then the cornmissioners of this State shall imme- 
diately connnunicate the rcsult to the Executive of this 
Commonsvealfll, to be by him laid before, the convention of 
the people of Virginia and the Geberai Assembly : Pro vided, 
that the said corrnnissioners be subject at ail times to the 
control of thc General Assenbly, or, if in session, to t.hat 
of the State corivention. 
Resolbed, That in the opinion of the General Assembly 
of Virginia, tile propositions ennbraccd in the resolutions 
presented to tho Senate of the United States by lion. JQIIN 
J. CRITTENDEN—SO Inodified as that thc fit•st articko pro- 
posed as an amendment to the Constitution of the United 
States shall apply to alk the territory of the United Statesv 
now held or hereafter acquired south of latitude 36? 30', and 
provide that slavery of the African race shall be-effectually 
protected as property therein during the continuance ofthe 
territorial government, and the fourth article shall secure 
to the owners of slaves the right of transit with their slaves 
between and through the non-slaveholding States and Ter- 
ritories—const.itute the basis of such an adjustment Of the 
unhappy controversy which now divides the States of this 
Confederacy, as would be accepted by the people of this 
Commonwealth. 
Resolved, That ex-PresidentJohn Tyler is heréby apboint- 
ed, by the concurrent vote of each branch of the- General 
Assembly, a commissioner to the President of the United 
States ; and Judge John Robertson is hcreby appointed,-by a 
like vote, a commissioner to the State of South Carolina, 
and the other States that have sccedcd, or shall secede, 
with instructions respectfully to requcst the Presidént of 
the United States and the authorities of such States to agree 
to abstain, pendinc the proceedings contemplated by. the 
action of this Gcnerai Asselllbly, from any ond ail acts cal- 
culated to produce a collision of' arms bet.ween the Stätcs 
and the Governnlent of the United States. 
Resolved, 'l'hat copies of the löregoing resolutions be 
ibi'thwith telegraphed to the Exccutives of the several 
States, and also to the President of the United States ; and 
that the Governor be requested to inform, without delay, 
the comrnissioners of their appointment by the föregoing 
resolutions. 
A copy from the rolls. 
WILLIAM F. GORDON, Jr., 
C. 1-1. D. and 1K. R. of Vi.rginia. 
The Commonweatth of Virginia, to atl to whom these 
presents shall come, greeting : 
Know you, that the General Assembly of the Common- 
wealth of Virginia, having, by joint resolution, adopted on 
the 19th instant, and hereio attached, appointed ex-Prcsi- 
dent John 'I'y•ier a cmnnlissioner to the President ot- the 
United States to carry out the instructions conveyed in said 
resolution : therefore I, John Letcher, Governor, do hereby 
announce the said appointment, and authenticate the same 
In testimony whereof, have hercunto set my hand and 
caused the great seal of the State to bc affixed, in 
[L. s.] the city of Richmond, this 20th day of January, 
unno Domini, 1861. 
JOHN LETCHER. 
By the Governor : 
GEORGE W. MUNFORD, 
Secretary of the Commonwealth. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 move that that message be 
printed, and referred to the standing Committee 
on Military Affairs. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move as an 
amendment to that motion, that it he referred to 
the special committee of five. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I would sug- 
gest that whatever committee the message is re- 
ferred to, ought to have power to report it back 
at any time; otherwise it will be locked up where 
the House cannot control it. 
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman from Virginia 
only yielded the floor for the reading of the mes- 
sago, and is now entitled to the floor. 
The SPEAKER. It is proper that. the mes- 
sage should be disposed of in some way. 
Mr. STANTON. If the House will allow me, 
I will move that the message be referred to the 
standing Committee on Military Affairs, with 
power to report. on it at any time. 
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order. 
A motion has been made to refer the message to 
the Committee on Military Affairs; and the gen- 
tlcman from New York moves, as an amendment, 
that it be referred to the special committee of five. 
Mr. BOCOCK. If there is to be any debate on 
this motion, it should be allowed to go over until 
my colleague [Mr. PRYOR] makes his speech. 
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous question. 
Mr. CURTIS. The question should first be 
taken on the motion to refer to the Committee on 
Military Affairs. 
The SPEAKER. That statement is correct. 
The question is on refcrring the message to the 
Militar Committee. 
Mr. BOCOCK. I am bound to interpose on 
behalf of my colleague, who says he only yielded 
to have the message read. 
Mr. STANTON. The previous question is 
demanded, and that will put an end to the matter 
at once. 
Mr. MILLSON. 1 think the question deserves 
some little consideration. I thercfore move to 
postpone the further consideration of thc Presi- 
dent's messao•e till to-morrow. 
Mr. STANTON. very well; let that course 
be taken. 
The motion was agreed to. 
STATE OF UNION. 
The House resumed the consideration of the 
special order, being the report of the special com- 
mittee of thirty-three, on which 'Mr. PRY0R was 
in no spirit of vindictive accusation'. 
Indeed, 
entitled to the floor. 
PRYOR. Speaker; 
before the House invitediscussion ofüll*ihe issues 
involvcd in the present unhappy contrdversyi, 
The rapid march of events; outstrzppi-nk -thee dila- 
tory movements of •procrastinating 
leaves us no question to consider but 
tive of peace or -war, : : While yourtcommittee 
of compromise have been painfWly elaborating 
plans of 'f mean, reparations.üpon 
mighty ruins' '—the dispute ,has becometipcapa- 
ble of accommodation; and the results their wis- 
dom was to intercept are now accomplished and 
irrevocable facts. Of the thirty-threeStates.which 
composed the Confederacy, at the beginning Of 
this session, six are no longer members of the 
Union. Not many days will elapse before, others 
will follow their example. Sir, It, is an idle and 
unmeaning mockery x.to _talk of preserving the 
Union; and they 'Who. indulge- in this, strtiin_of 
declamation. betray little of tbe Candor demanded 
by the urgency of the occasions In -thé -preserice 
of so tremendo_us a catastrophe as that which now 
oppresses us—the overthrow of 
partition of a great empire, and the imminent 
hazard of civil war—we owe it to ourselves and 
to the country -tö be done with the expedients 
ofa timid and temporizing policy, and to adAress 
ourselves to the emergenoy widhout reserve and 
without equivocation. 
The issue before the country, I repeat; sir,'-is 
the simple quest.ion of peace or wai•. Acting) as 
they conceive, from the impulse of abundant prov- 
ocation, and exerting a power which they derive 
from the fundamental principles of this Govern- 
ment, the States of South Carolina, Mississippi, 
Florida, Alabama, Georgia, and Louisiana, have 
renounced the Confederacy and assumed the atti- 
tude of independent republics. - The party into 
whose hands the control of the Administration is 
passing, so far- from a recourse to conciliatory 
measures and a recognition of the right of seces- 
sion, obdurately reject all overtures of compro- 
mise, and avow a purpose. to employ all the re- 
sources of Government for the subjugation of the 
retiring States. And so it is that the calamities 
of civil x.var are about to be precipitated upon the 
country. 
Mr. Speaker, in the suspense of this dreadful 
expectation, the people of the South are sustained 
by the conviction that, after the passions and pre- 
judices of the moment have passed away, im- 
partial history will acquit them of responsibility 
for -the consequences of the impending conflict. 
Whenever, in after times, •men shall revert to the 
events of this period, they will curse the madness 
of those by whom humanity was so deeply 
wounded; but not upon us will Pall their maledic- 
In what obligation of confederate duty, 
tions. 
I demand, have '•,ve of the South been found de- 
linquent? Do we not contribute more than an 
equal proportion to the support of your Govern- 
men t? Has not southern statesmanship success- 
fully guided the councils of the Republic in peace? 
Has not southern valor gloriously illustrated its 
arms on the field of battle? To what pled•e of 
confederate faith have we been recreant? 
or is 
it only fin a literal compliance with the obligations 
of the constitutional compact thatüe South has 
exhibited its patriotic fidelity. In our conception, 
something more was exacted by the association of 
fellow-citizcnship; and we have denied the people 
of the North no facility in trade, and no advant- 
age of policy which might promote their pros- 
perity. With whose acquiescen ce, and to whose 
detriment, wore measures of protection enacted 
for thc .aggrandizement of your manufacturing 
interest? Upon the productions of whose indus- 
try does your splendid commerce subsist? Until 
the demon of sectional discord was roused by 
your invasion of our rights, we willingly bore 
the burden of uncqual tariffs and exclusive boun- 
ties, to assist the development of your resources; 
and your marvelous opulence we contemplated 
with the pride of fraternal sympathy. In this 
spirit of unselfish patriotism, Virginia. contrib- 
ascendency_of_ the 
uted a princely domain to t 
North, little dreaming that t States to be born 
of her bounty would repay her munificence with 
more than the ingratitude of Lear's unnatural 
offspring. 
Sir, in what manner have the- loyalty and: de- 
votion of thc South been requited by our con- 
federates of the North? -I propound the inquiry 
