602 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 28, 
sir, Iwould despise myself no less than the 
public ,would reproach ine, if, at this -august.mo- 
ment, I should contribute anything to the exas- 
perätion of passions already too much inflamed. 
i advert to the wrongs ',vhich the South has en- 
(lured, with no other view than to vindicate the 
position she has assumed in this controversy. 
In: what manner, I repeat, has the North repaid 
the fidelity with which the, South has redeemed 
all thepledges of confederate faith»and discharged 
all the duties of common citizenship ? 
At, the epoch of the Revolution, and, indeed, 
when thc Fcderal Government was organized, 
slavery prevailed in the North as well as- in the 
Söuth. If not the chief, it was at least conspicu- 
ous among the interests for the protection of 
which our-I present system of Government was 
established. The Constitution distinguishes it by 
express and repeated recognition, in each case 
fortifying it by particular guarantees. 
Now, sir, against this great and vital interest 
-—an interest of which the pecuniary value is in- 
dicated by countless millions, and tbc importancc 
of which, in the more essential aspect of social 
and political relation, no .form of expression 
can adequately represent; an interest on which 
subsists the material prosperity of the southern 
States, and with which thcii• security and inde- 
pendence are inseparably associated,—this inter- 
est, so vast and so vital, is the object of organized 
and ificessant assault by those who are bound by 
every obligation of written covenant and confed- 
erate faith to protect it. They have launched 
against it the anathemas of moral and legal out- 
lawry, and have- canvassed Christendom for re- 
cruits in the crusnde of Abolitionism. They have 
burdened it with iniquitous and oppressive impo- 
sitions. They have denied it the development 
without which it cannot long endure. They have 
attacked it in detail by every variety of criminal 
expedient. And, finally, they have essayed, 
through the instrumentality of servile insurrec- 
tion, to involve the South in total and irreparable 
These wrongs, know, appeal in vain to the 
men by whom they are inflicted; 
but I im- 
agine a case analogous in all essential particulars, 
in the contemplation of which they witl not bc 
likely to exhibit so rnuch of insensibility. The 
manufacturing interest, if not the main, is amono• 
thc most important of the industrial pursuits of' 
New England. Now, sir, suppose the other 
Stutes of the Confederacy should combinc for the 
spoliation of this interest, and to that end should 
hold it up to universal execration, should invoke 
upon it the vengeance of Heaven, and proclaim it 
beyond the protect.ion of sociot,y; suppose t.hey 
should employ the agency of Government for its 
destruction, should organize conspiracics to rav- 
agc it,.and, to impart the. last t.ouch of enormity 
to the outragc, should inflarne the passions of yot.u• 
operatives to bloody and incendiary revolt; wl'10 
believes the peoplc of New F,nglaild would pa- 
tienlly ondurc this accumulation oc injuries ? 
they bc of so abject a submission, they 
possess not the spirit.of those ancestors of theirs, 
with whom the most trivial exaction of illegal 
power was an insufferable oppression. Yet these 
and greater grievances are endured hy the people 
of the slaveholding States; but you only mock our 
complaints and tighten the crrasp of oppression. 
Why marvel, then, that the day of resistancc and 
retribution is corne a•t, last ? 
But, sir, we do not rest the vindication of the 
South on thc slavery issue alone, nor luainly. Our 
adversaries, availing themselves of the prevalent 
prejudieo against slavcry, havc diligently repro- 
sented that the secession of' the South has no other 
object than the perpetuation of bondage; and the 
effectof the misstatement is visible already in the 
unfriendly criticism of the foreign press. 
time our cause were. placed upon the true grounds 
of defense; upon principles which, instead of in- 
sulating• it from the sympathies of the world, will 
corn mund respect wherever justice rules and the 
maxims of republi* liberty are revered. True 
it is that the grievances of which the South com- 
plain affect chiefly the interests of slavery; but 
It is a naprovv and unphilosophical view of the 
controversy to represent thc South as protcstino• 
only against those cricvanres. There, indeed, tho 
weight of the is most heaviiv fiAt•, but 
corn- 
its source must be sought elsewhere. 
mit an error in and what is möre, o. 
blunder in policy when we confound the practical 
effect •with the radical principle of tyranny. If 
we mean to apply the resources of true statesman- 
ship to the disorders of the country, we•must dis- 
cover and correct the organic derangements of the 
system i otherwise, all our pretentious prescription 
is but the quackery of the empiric. 
Sir, for fifty years the interests of the South re- 
posed and prospered under the sacred safeguards 
of the Constitution. By that compact the equality 
of the States was guarantied, their right of self- 
government recognized, and each member of the 
Confederacy mutually pledged to the others in a 
spirit 'Of fraternal alliance. The States of the 
South acceded to the Union on those conditions: 
on the conditions that they were to be the peers 
of their sovereiøn associates, that their righ ts wrere 
to be inviolable, and their property secure under 
the protection of the common Government. This 
sacred covenant was the bond of union between 
the confederate Republics. T hc Constitu tion im- 
posed reciprocal obligations on the States, and 
pledged them to mutual offces of good-will. 
In 
what manner are these pledges redeemed, and 
these obligations fulfilled, by the northern States? 
Foremost in the cataloguo of southern griev- 
ance is the complaint that the fundamental prin- 
ciple of the Confcdcracy, the equality of the States, 
is subverted by a combination between a majority 
of States to exclude other States from an equal 
participation in the common domain, and so to 
deny them equal advantages of expansion and 
development under the operation of the Federal 
Government. Nay, this Government itself is 
abused to the consummation of that iniquity. 
To all candid men I appeal, if this single fact 
of the exclusion of the South from any share and 
enjoyment of the joint territory of the States, 
does not involve cvcry circumstance that can rouse 
the indignation of freemen—a breach of constitu- 
tional con)pact•, a sti(nna of inferiority; a princi- 
ple of civil disability; and a measure of practical 
In private lilö, individuals resent no 
grievance sooner than an invasion of their rights 
of property. Amonff nations, an oncronchrnenton 
their territorial possessions is an affront which 
war alone can redress. 
Eat the exclusion of the 
South from the cornmon domain of the Conföder- 
acy, besides thesc circumstances of insult and ag- 
gression, ilnplies a breach of the most solemn stip- 
ulation, and a reflection the most offOnsive on the 
southern character. For you cannot deny thö 
South equal rights in the Territories, without sub- 
verting the principles of the Constitution; and in 
justification of this wrong, the social system of 
the South is denounced as the sum of all vil- 
lainics." Whatother orgrcater grievance need the 
South urge in vindication of its conduct? 
But this is; not all. In respect of another essen- 
tial condition of Federal Union—the guarantee of 
Stat.e sovcreirrn t y, the right Fcserved by each State 
ad rninist.er its own affairs and to develop its 
to 
Intrtnony willi 'he general in- 
own destinies, 
tccests of the ConfLu\eracy of this 
rnay have survived the systematic encroach- 
Inents of Federal usurpation , has vanished before 
the threat of military coercion. 
A1 ready sove: 
Cign States arc reduced, in conternplation, to the 
condition of provincial dependencies; and that 
doom they would speedily realize, but for the 
indomitable spirit which quails not before all the 
' pony.) and circumstance" of your martial prep- 
aration. 
Perhaps even these radical violations of the 
Constitution, in its spirit and essence, you natty 
repél as thc va«uc refinements of a tcmpcr alert 
to discover material of sectional crimination. Let 
us descend, then, for a moment. , to a sillgle, in- 
stance in illustration of the pcrfidy by which the 
South is defrauded of its covenanted rights. An 
explicit provision of the constitutional compact, 
exacts the restitution of fugitlve slaves; vet that 
provision, albeit so essential that wnhout. it the 
South originally refused to join the Confederacy, 
is sharnefully annulled by the 21 ortherrl States; and 
by the default millions of southern property have 
been confiscated. So flagrantly has the South 
been ich 
ted of its constitutional rights and de- 
niod tl advantages of the Union, a] the burdens 
of whicn, however, it bears in enormous dispro- 
portion ! 
What stronger argument than this, of violated 
Faith and broken engagements, of the invasion of 
chartered rio•hts and" the usurpation of forbidden 
power, can be required in vindication , if you please, 
of revolutionary measures? Alf writers, except 
the partisans of divine right and passive obedi- 
ence, are agreed that an infraction of the implied 
contract between sovereign and subject absolves 
Ibis ihis principle 
the latter from his allegiance. 
of constitutional liberty which distinguishes the 
great rebellion and the -revolution of 1688 as the 
most glorious epochs in British history. Say, 
then, there less obligation in a solemnly rati- 
fied and written compact, than in a tacit and dis- 
puted engagement; and are sovereign States denied 
a redress which the genius of free government 
guaranties to individuals ? 
But, the defense of the South rests upon still 
stronger grounds; and her secession from the Con- 
federacy is justified by even higher principles than 
the right to vindicate a violated covenant. Abso- 
lute power is the essence of tyranny, whether the 
power be wielded by a monarch •or a multitude. 
The dominant section in this Confederacy claims 
and exercises absolute power—power without 
limitation and without responsibility: without 
limitation, since all the restrictions of the Consti- 
tution are broken down; and without responsi- 
bility, because, in the nature of thing•s, the weaker 
interest cannot control the majority. Of all species 
of tyranny, the South is subjected to the most in- 
tolerable. Under the rule of a despot, we might 
hope something of his impartial indifference be- 
i tween the sections; but to be exposed Lo the un- 
bridled sway of a majority adverse in interest, 
inimical in feeling, and ambitious of domination, 
is to be reduced to a condition more abject than 
that of the slaves whose emancipation is the pre- 
text of all this controversy. 
It is against this sectional domination, this rule 
of the without law and without limit— 
a rule asserted in subversion of the Constitution, 
and establisl'10d on the ruins of the Confederacy— 
it is in resistance to this despotic and detestable 
rule, that the people of the South have taken up 
arms. This, ir, sis the cause of the South; and 
tell me if causc more just ever consecrated revo- 
lution? It is the cause of self-government against 
the domination of foreign power—the very cause 
for which our fathers fought in 1776. Sooner than 
submit to the irresponsible rule of alien interests, 
they tore themselves from the embrace of the 
I IY10thcr country, and staked all in the triumph of 
secession. Washington and Jefferson were the 
most illustrious of secessionists; and we of to- 
day are but walking in the light of their glorious 
example. , They held it unworthy of freemen to 
bear the burden of arbitrary imposition ; and they 
were, not conciliated by the deceptive tender of 
partial representation in the British Parliament. 
The South has her Representatives in this Capi- 
tol•, but their voice is of no avail against the north- 
ern majority. She is taxed not with her own 
consent, but by the votes of delegates whom she 
cannot control. 
I repeat, it is against the rule ofa sectional des- 
potism that the South demands protection; and 
It is to assert the cause of civil. liberty, that she 
declares her independence. You of the North 
lavished your sympathy on the people of Hun- 
gary in their revolt against Austrian absolut.ism; 
but our cause is identical in principle and in pur- 
pose. At this moment, while you bestow admi- 
ration and applause on the revolutionists of Italy, 
1 would reniind you that the people of the South 
are moved by the same impatience of alien ascend- 
ency, and the same aspiration for self-govern- 
ment, which, after ages of slumber, have at last 
I awakened the Italians to a recollection of their 
long-lost liberties. 
The cause of the South solicits recognition and 
regard by yet another consideration, by a con- 
sideration which appeals to the interest of every 
section. 
To-day, it is slavery which suffers from the 
overthow of constitutional guarantees, and the 
irresponsible reign of the majority. But, thc prin- 
ciple of absolute power once ascendant in the 
Government, no interest is secure; aud circurn- 
stances will determine a«ai.nst what object it may 
be directed. 
If, in contravention of tho compact 
of Union, slavery may. be oppressed by Federal 
action, t.he navigation of New England, or the 
iron interest of Pennsylvania, will be exposed to 
the same ruin, whenever they shall incur the dis- 
pleasure or invite the rapacity of other sections. 
'Che onlv safeguard 0k' American liberty is in 
