1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi. 
maintaining the integrity ofthé Constitution, and 
preserving intact the- limitations of the Govern- 
ment. For that, the South contends; and all are 
alike concerned in the success of her cause. 
If, after the endurance of so many wronms,and 
the menace of others still more intolerable, any- 
thing were wanting to justify the South in the 
pubhc opinion of the I,vorld, it would be supplied 
b%her solicitude to avoid violence, and redress 
her grievances within •the Union. W c arc rc- 
proached, I- know, with precipitancy in not 
awaiting an otert act of hostility from the sectional 
Administration. Sir, in our judgment, a procla- 
mation of war is an overt act; and such proclama- 
tion we find in the election, by an exclusively 
sectional vote, of a President pledged to put our 
rights and our property " in course of ultimatc 
extinction ' '—a President who admonishes us in 
advance of his aggressive designs by the senten- 
tious but significant declaration, that they who 
deny freedom to others do not deserve it them- 
selves, and, under a just God, cannot long retain 
it." We could not agree to await inactively the 
development of the disposition of the President 
elect; for we claim to hold our rights by some 
higher and more solid tenure than the capri- 
cious temper of any individual. Indeed, the argu- 
ment of our opponents involves a concession of 
our case, inasmuch as it implies that the rights of 
the South are no longer secured by constitutional 
guarantees, but are suspendcd on the accident of 
an unfriendly Administration. 
A more imperative consideration still determ- 
ined the South to act at once, and to act deci- 
sively. If negotiation might avail, we thought to 
strengthen negotiation by a demonstration of our 
spirit. 
Ifthe sword alone can reclaim our rights, 
we were resolved not to be unprepared for the 
issue. 
Mr. Speaker, since the fatal 6th of November 
to the present hour, the Representatives of the 
South have invariably exhibited an accommodat- 
ing dkposition. The first day of our session was 
pacific adjustment of our difficulties. A similar 
movement, likewise originating with a southern 
man, was initiated in the Senate. Meanwhile 
various schemes of settlement have been submit- 
ted in one or the other House of Congress, 
which, without much regard to their intrinsic 
cffcacy, we have uniformly avowed our support; 
while on the other side they have been as tun- 
formly rejected with contemptuous disdain of 
commencement, no doubt the next four-years Will 
reconcile the South to the rule of the dominant 
party. 
In aggravation of circumstances, themselves 
sufiicienily exasperating, the rumor, too mon- 
strous for belief, that all these measures of coer- 
cion against the South are stimulated and directed 
by a son whom the South has delighted to honor, 
in proportion even to his own conceit of his own 
merit, imparts a tone of deeper indignation to the 
murmurs of an outraged people. 
Thus, Mr. Speaker, by a series of aggressions, 
of which I have attempted nothing more than an 
imperfect sketch, the dominant party in the North 
have effected that which the world m arms could 
not have accomplished—the overthrow of this once 
glorious Confederacy. And not content with an 
achievement that will burden their memory 
through all coming ages, they now propose to 
consummatc their work by afflicting the country 
with the calamities of civil war. 
Mr. Speaker, we of tl')e South maintain that 
among the fundamental and essential 
articles of 
the Republican faith is the doctrine that the States, 
having subscribed the constitutional compact on 
their own independent volition and in the exer- 
cise of an inherent sovereignty, have the right, 
perfect and iY)violable, to renounce the Union 
xvhenever, in their judgment, the Constitution is 
annulled and the Union abused to their oppres- 
sion. Nay, in very act of assent to the league 
of confederation, Virginia and other States, by 
express stipulation, reserved to themselves the 
right to resume their original sovereignty when- 
over, in their opinion, the conditions of alliance 
might be violated. As we understand it, this is 
an association of coequal sovereignties, held in 
• fraternal embrace by the sweet influences of re- 
ciprocal confidence and regard; not u system of 
reluctant and oppressive connection, bound to- 
gether by the fetters of Federal force. Nor have 
the people of the South contemplated the right of 
secession as a vain speculative proposition, but 
have cherished it as an actual and inestimable 
in this particular tl'iat tile citizens of the United 
States have the advantage of the people of all 
other countries; in that, when the checks and bal- 
ances of the central Government arc overthrown, 
there remains the rampart of Statc sovereignty, 
bchind which they may rally and maintain their 
rights; and in the still more important particular, 
that, through the instrumentality of secession, 
they may recover their liberties by the organic 
compromise. Thus, while the South are willing operation of the system, without recourse to the 
dreadful extremity of revolution. 
to remain in the Union with an assurance of their 
r Ehese principles, it appears by too many distress- 
rights, the North declare, by a refusal of all con- 
i ing indications, arc not prevalent in the councils 
cession, that they will destitoy the Union rather 
In the of the dominant party. '1Äheir cry is for coercion. 
than renounce their aggressive designs. 
perverted patriotism of' the dominant party, the 'l" hey present the South no other alternative than 
Constitution of Washington is substituted by the submission or subjugation. Sir, it is no easy 
platform of Lincoln; and ratherthan be reproached effort to debate an issue of this sort; and the im- 
with iogical inconsistency, they choose to incur 
_the guilt of civil war. 
And not in the negative sense of rejected com- 
promise only, do this party betray a purpose to 
push the dispute to the arbitramentof the sword. 
Instead of of conservative policy 
that should give assurance of peace to a distracted 
country, their leadec announces that his Adminis- 
tration is to be directed by the counsels of the 
Instead 
champion of the " irrepressible conflict. 
of the sense of justice and patriotic spirit which, 
we wcre told, still animate the masses of the north- 
ern people, northern Legislatures vote men and 
pulse of a gallant. people is to answer menace by 
defiance. But owe it to the solcmnity of the 
occasion to repress every ebullition of resentment, 
and to discuss even an offensive topic in a spirit 
of moderation. 
What, then, I would entrcat of gcntlcmen on 
the other side, do they proposc by kindling the 
flarne of civil war? Bo matter what may bc the 
issue, liberty cannot survive the conflict. T hc 
and at last•oxtörted from? his 
of her: ri&lits, •yöui• 'intelligeric&needs -höt- 
instructei. Ahd so would your' difliöålty bé öuY 
opportunity. 
Imagine, then s for a moment, 
jugation of the Söuth; aftéi• every spark of?viiålity 
IS extinguished, and her-inanima'té lies pros;- 
trate berore yåu• , tell me, whatrecömpehée: do you 
gain for 'all your sacrifices, or what consolåtioh 
In the tormenting memory of you} fratriOidaldeed? 
But I dismiss the humilihting. thought, ' No 
matter what her inferiority of fo±ce-•,' -your cannot 
sukjugate the South. Smitten •sho may be; but 
not subdued; defeated, but neverldismayed.„ A•l• 
ready, by her determined and defiant tittin.ide, 
she gives you earnest of the spirit that will •ani- 
mate her sons in the hour Of trial. ' From. many 
memorable examples ofheroicresislance to wrong, 
they derive the consolatory assurance -that brave 
people battling for the right are invincible agåinst 
any odds. Nine million of freemen-—and .heed 
not, admonish you, the treadherous sugg_eStion 
that the South will not oppose a united front to 
the foe—nine million of freemen, of a. face the 
most encrcretic and indomitable recorded- in. his- 
tory, glorying in traditions of ancestral prowcss, 
and attached to the cause of liberty with a chiv• 
alric devotion—this people, themselves distin- 
guished for valor and the genius of war, contend- 
ing on their own soil for whatever imparts a 
felicity to life—this people will laugh to scorn a-tl 
the imposing array of your military prepara.- 
tion. 
Not for themselves, then, do they deprecate a 
conflict of arms; but from respect to the memory 
of our common ancestry; for the sake of a land 
to be torn by the cruel lacerations of the sword; 
and in reverence of virtues a benign in, 
structs them to adore. By the persuasion of these 
pious and pathetic importunities we would soot-he 
m every breast the spirit of strife, and invoke the 
pacific intervention of reason for the adjåstment 
of our disputes. 
And what, I pray you, is the dictate of reason? 
suhjection to a Government they detest; not•thdt 
the sword bc employed to coerce sovereign States, 
and constrain them to wear the yoke of an odious 
and oppressive association; but rather that dis- 
tinct communities be permitted to follow the bent 
of their peculiar nationality, and to realize the 
destiny indicated by -their os,vn interests and their 
own aspirations. You of the North hold in your 
o•rasp the elements of n great empire—a teemincr 
population, inunense resources, and a daring en- 
orgy of genius which surmounts all obstacles, and 
dazzles the world with its exploits. For our part, 
in slight esteem as you affect to hold the South, 
we are content with our portioh. Whensoever 
occasion shall require—and occasion does now 
demand it—we are prepared to assert our equality 
anM)ng the sovereions of the earth, and 
good the claim against all corners. 
Instead, then, of vainly essaying to counteract 
the designs of nature, let us heed the voice df rea- 
son; instead of lamenting the rupture of an arti- 
ficial tie, as involving the ruin of all our •hopes, 
let us lean on the wisdom of Providence, persuaded 
that as He has already distinguished thc epoch of 
revolution as the most glorious in the annals of 
America, He intends still further to advance the 
frail fabric ofa systern constructed for the abode cause of freedom and civilization by means of 
I of peace, would perish under the shocks and con- 
I another dissevered nationality. 
cussions of intestine strife. An armed encounter I 
MESSAGF, FROM SENATE. 
between the States would be fatal to a Constitution 
munitions of war to chastise the resistance roused i designed to hold them in amicable association; and A message was received from the Senate by 
by their own perfidious violations of a consti- your Union would go down writh the principle of Mr. I-IICKF„Y, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House 
tutional covenant. And here, while with the mutual affection on which it reposes. He must be that the Senate had passed, with an amendment, 
inattentive to the plainest lessons of history who a joint resoluti0)') 
R. No. 39) directing the 
one hand Republican Representatives spurn 
overtures of peace, with the other they grasp the does not foresee that from a bloody struggle arnoncr 
li accounting officers of the Treasury to settle the 
the States—belltcnb plus-quant, cityite—cither anar- 
accounts of Lhe late Robert Stockton, quarter- 
sword. No measure of conciliation will they pass; 
their enerffies are cno•rossed in contriving schemes chy would emerge to brood over the land with des- 
master, &c; and an act (S. No. 125) for the relief 
olating presence, or else military violence would 
of John Peebles; in which act and amendment he 
of coercion. Day after day developes the com- 
pleteness of their system of force. Now it is a assert its iron sway. What thou,ffh the fortune of 
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House. 
bill denying South Carolina the facilities of postal war be propitious to your arms? You must be 
ADMISSION OF KANSAS. 
communication; anon a bill for the, compulsory content with nothing less than the annihilation of 
In the South; for while she breathes, the impulse of II Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor. 
collection of the revenue at Charleston. 
- honor will throb in her and urge her to I Mr. GRONV. •Will the gentleman yield me 
South, frowning fortresses threaten the subjuga 
Recollect the story of the floor to move to take up the Kansas bill? 
still further resistance. 
tion of sovereign States; in this District a hire- . 
II 
Mr. CURTIS. I yield for that purpose. 
Ireland's wrovs and Ireland's emancipation. 
ling soldiery are concentrated to impose ob- 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object to the 
noxious ruler on an unwilling people. Auspicious The remorseless conqueror doomed her to deso- 
lation•, but fate reserved hex as a depende.nt prov- yiclding the floor for any such pviposc. It can 
inauguration of a Republican President! Happy 
I-low, ag a thorn in only be done -by unanimous coiiseit. 
ince of the British Ernpirc„ 
! If the con- 
presage ofa lil.)eral Administration 
Mr. GROW. I only ask the gentleman to yield 
clusion be but consistent with this encouraging England's side, sho avenged herself on the tyrant, 
