1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ. 
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers on the yeas 
and nays. 
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. JENKINS and 
SOMES were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
twenty-two in the affrmative. 
SQ. the yeas and nays were not ordered. 
The rules were suspended, (two thirds havino• 
voted thcrefor.) 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I would state 
that the committee have been unable to complete 
their business as yet; but they believe it is their 
duty to report back the message at as early a day 
as possible. 'That is the motive for asking an 
I submit the res- 
enlargement of their powers. 
olution, and ask the previous question upon it. 
The previous question was seconded, und the 
main question ordered to be put. 
The resolution was adopted. 
Mr. HOYVARD, of Michigan, moved to recon- 
siderthe vote by which the resolution •was adopted ; 
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
MILITIA OF DISTRICT. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to permit the Committee on 
Military Affairs to report back the bill this morn- 
ing referred to them in relation to the Inilitia of 
the District of Columbia, 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object. 
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules. 
Mr. BURNET'P. It is a little disheartening, 
but I again ask for the yeas and nays. 
Mr. STANTON. Ifthe gentleman from Ken- 
tucky will listen to -me for. an instant, he will 
It is simply 
know exactly what this bill means. 
to require the militia of the District of Columbia 
to take the oath which is required of the ruilitia 
in all the States when in the service of the United 
States. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 wish to ask the 
whether the militia of the District are not already 
required to take the oath under the existing laws? 
Mr. STANTON. 1 understand not. 
The bill was read. It provides that every off- 
cer, non-commissioned offcer, musician, and pri- 
vate ofthe militia of the District of Columbia, shall 
take and subscribe to the oath required by the 
eighteenth section of the act approved January 11, 
1812; and if any officer, nou-commissoned officer, 
musician, or privatc, shall, upon tl'le requirement 
of the major general commanding, refuse to take 
his name shall be stricken from the 
such oath, 
roll; and if commissioned, his commission shall 
be forfeited. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 41; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Alley, 
Bcale, Bingham, 
William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, 
Bristow, Buffmton, Burlin- 
Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs 
oame, Burnhan), Ctunpbell, Carey, Case, Coburn, (h)lfax, 
Conkling, Covodc, Curtis, John G. l)avis, Dawes 
Delano, 
Duekl, Edgerton, Eliot, Er,heridge, roster, Frank, French, 
Gilmer, Gooch, 'Grow, Gurley, Hale, Haskin, Ilelmick, 
Hickman, Hoard, Holman, William Howard, William A. 
Howard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis 
W. Kellogg, William Kello«g, Killinger, DeVVitt C. Leach, 
Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston, 
Charles DE. Martin, McClernand, McKean, McKenty, Mc- 
Knight, McPherson, Montgolnery, Laban T. Moore, Moor- 
head, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, 
Olin, Palmer, Perry, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, 
John- 1--1. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, 
Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spaulding, Spin 
ner, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, 
Tappan, Tl'haycr, 'ltheaker, 'I'rain, Trimble, Van- 
(lever, Van Wyek, Wade, VVaJdron, VValton, Cadwalader 
C. Washburn, EilihuB. Washburne,webster, Wells, Wil- 
son, Windom, 'Wood, and Woodruff—116. 
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Barret, Bocock, Boteler, Brab- 
son, Branch, Brown, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, 
James Craig, Burton Craige, De Jarnette, Florence, Fouke, 
JOi111 Harris, Hughes, Jenkins, Kunkel, James M. Leach, 
Leake, Logan, Maclay, Maynard, Millson, Niblaek, Noel], 
Pendleton, Peyton, Pryor, Quarles, Riggs, James C. Rob- 
inson, Scott, Sinnns, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, 
Thornas, Vance, Winslow, and Wright—41. 
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds havinff 
voted therefor.) 
Before the vote was announced, 
Nh. MORRIS, of Illinois, said, that if he had 
been within flie bar when his name I,vas called, 
he would have voted " ay.' 
Mr. EDMUNDSON, not being within the bar 
when his name was called, asked leave to vote. 
Mr. KILLINGER objected. 
Missouri what it. is; substantially.". EICriés2 df_; 
Mr. COX stated that he had paired with Mr. 
Order ! "V 
PORTER. 
Mr. PKELPS. Let it be reads 
Mr. HINDMAN stated that some conversa- 
Mr. BURNETT. The. 
tion occurrcd with Mr. HALE before that gentle- 
stated , in response to thé inquiry of the-gentleman; 
man left the city in reference to pairing with him, 
fronn North Carolinas that' this 
[Mr. HINDMAN.] He did not know' that such Myas 
be administered when these volunteers 
Mr. I-IALÉ'S understanding, or he should not have 
tered into the service of. the 
voted upon the Kansas bill. Ledrning that such 
bill does not say so. He also stated that-he did 
he asked leave 
was his understanding, however, 
riot know the difference betweenzthis oath and 
to withdraw his vote upon that bill. 
one administered to the militia •of the several, 
Leave was oranted. 
States. 
If the gentleman will examine the Oath 
Mr. STANTON. I now move that the Com- 
provided by t-hé act of -1812 he will" fifidi no such 
mittec on Military Affairs be discharged from the 
oath is administered by a single, State of which 
further consideration of the bill, and that it bc 
nave any knowledge. I know that it is not ad" 
put on its passage; on which I demand the pre- 
ministered to the militia of •Kentucky. The gen- 
vious question. 
tleman 's bill Ought to bc amended so asto make it • 
Mr. HUGHES. I appeal to the courtesy of 
applicable to •the militia When mustered into the 
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af- 
service of the United States. 
fairg to Ict the bill rernain open to amendment, and 
Mr. McCLERNAND. The 
not to insist on his demand for the previous ques- 
tricl are now in the service of, the United States.. 
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is. notin 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is not 
before the I-louse. 
Mr. PHELPS. Read the oath. 
Mr. STANTON. The bill is a vcry short one, 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Clerk can. 
consisting of or)ly one section . 
not find any form of oath.in the eighteenth Section 
Mr. HUGHES. All 1 ask is that the House 
of the law to which he was referred. 
may havc an opportunity to amend the bill if it 
Mr. PHELPS. Are we acting so rapidly, then, 
be necessary. 
that nobody can tell us anything of the bill,: and 
Mr. STANTON. If the hag an 
the reference to a former law is incorrect? 
amendment to offer, I will hour it now. 
Mr. HINDMAN. If there be no oath. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 hope that the chair- 
in the eighteenth section, I hope that the bill will 
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, if 
be put on its passage. I Laughter.] 
there be anything intricate or complicated in the 
The SPEAKER tempore. The question is 
bill, will make the proper explanation. 
on the demtind for the previous question. 
I'vlr. STANTON. is nothing in the 
Mr. IIINDMAN. As there seems to be great 
world in the bill except a provision authorizing 
difficulty to find the oath, I move the Chicago 
the officers of the Army to administer the usual 
platform be inserted. [Laughter.] 
oath to the militia of this District, which is ad- 
The CLERK. The law is entitled An :aat• to 
ministered in the military service elsewhere. That 
raise an additional military force ;" approüed Jan, 
is ail there is in the bill. 
uary 11, 1812. In the eighteentli section is the 
Mr. BRANCH. While the gentleman is an- 
following oath: 
swerino• questions in regard to the bill, I would 
like to propound one to him. Does this bill rc- 
I, A B, do solemnly swear or affirm (as the cake may 
be) that I will bear true mith and allegiance to,tbe United 
quire any oath to be administered to the militia 
States of America, and that wili serve thern honestly and 
of this District different from that administcrcd to 
Faithfully against their enemies or opposerS whosoe€er ; 
the militia of the several States ? 
and that I '*Vill observe and obey the orderS-of the President 
that is, when they 
of' the United States, and the orders of the officers ap- 
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; 
pointed over rne, according to the. rules andarticlés of war." 
are in the service of -the United States. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 can settle this whole mat* 
Mr. BRANCH. Ah! Does it requn•e any oath 
ter, ifthc gentleman from Ohio will hear me f6r 
to be administered to them different from that ad- 
a moment. I-Ie in@nds that this oath shall be ad- 
ministered to the militia of tbc several States when 
, ministered to the militia of this District when they 
they are not in the service of the United States ? 
are in the service of the United States. His bill, 
Mr. STANTON. Upon my word 1 am not 
nevertheless, is unlimited in that respect; and I 
prepared to answer the gentleman s question. If 
suggest to him that he accept an amendment to 
the gentleman wants to -know what the oath ex- 
this effect: " when called into the service of the 
actly is, he cun consult the statutes. What the 
United States." No such oath as that which has 
oath administered in the States is, I presume will 
just been read ever has becn adrninistered to the 
be shown by the. laws of the States; but I can 
militia of any part of these United States. 
assure the gentleman that, when the militia of the 
Mr. HICKMAN. discussion in order? 
States are in the scrvice of the United States, the 
Mr. STANTON. The militia of thi* District 
same oath is administered to them that this bill 
are now in the service of the United States. 
proposes—authorizing the Arrny officers to 
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman is mistaken. 
minister to the militia of this District. That is 
The people of th is District are no more under mar-. 
all there is in it. 
tial law than the people of the States, . [CrieS of 
Mr. BRANCH. Does the bill propose that 
Order " Order!' 
that oath shall only be administcrcd to them wllilc 
The SPEAKER pro tcmpore. This debaté is 
they are in the service of the United States ? 
all out of ordcr. 
Mr. STANTON. Certainly. 
The previous question was seconded, and- the 
(amid much con- 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, 
main question ordered; and, under the operation 
fusion.) All have to say is, that, for one, I 
thereof', the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and 
never will consent to enact the odious test oath 
read a third time. 
proposed by this bill. 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 call forthe reading ofthe 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. All this 
encrossed bill. 
bate is out of order. The gentleman from Ohio 
'}he SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is not 
has demanded the previous question on the mo- 
encrrosscd. 
tion to discharge the Committee on Military Af- 
Mr. STANTON. I demand the previous ques- 
fairs. 
i tion on the passage of the bill; and I demand the 
The SPEAKER tempore. Debate is not in 
i yeas and nays on ordering the main question to 
order. 
By that time the bill 'Vill be engrossed. 
The previous question was scconded, and the 
be put. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 move that the House do 
main question ordered; and under the operation 
now adjourn. 
thereof, Mr. STANTON'S motion was agreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays. 
Mr. STANTON demanded the previous ques- 
' The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
tion on the engrossment and third readii')g• of the 
The House refused to adjourn. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to have the bill read; Mr. STANTON. 1 move to reconsider the 
vote by which the bill was ordered to be.engrossed 
and then I want the House informed exactly of 
and read a third time; and on that motion. I.tde- 
the terms of the proposed oath. 
I mund the prcvious question and the yeas and 
The bill was read. 
I nays. 
Mr. P I-I ELPS. Let us know what it is we arc 
I BRANCH. Did the with 
let -the oath be read. 
the majority ? 
Mr. STANTON. the statutes at hand, 
Mr. STANTON. Certainly 1 did. 
I will make no objection to the reading of the oath. 
I The SPEAKER. pro tempore. One previous 
Mr. CURTIS. I can tell the gentleman from 
