608 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29. 
duties, service over and above what could have been• do not think of suggesting to the Government that 
legally reasonably requited of him, 'Vithöut the 
a deduction- be made from -'their pay on account 
prospect of remuneration for extraordinary responsibility 
of the light duties which they perform a! a par- 
and-actual toss sustained in the disbursement of the money 
.ticular time; but if, at a time of pressure, their 
intrusted to his care and management. 
By an extraordinary effort of' mind and of body,involvjng i advice and aid is called for in matters not exactly 
much labor by day and by night, höwever, DE. McCormick 
accomplished all that was required of him; and, as far as 
I can -learn, to the satisfhction of ail concerned. 
Having witnessed, during a portiön of-the-time, his active 
and untiring devotion to the relief of all who camc within 
the provisions of the act of Congress above cited, can speak 
understandingly ofthe nature and extent Oftheuuties which 
wcrc thrown-upon Dr. McCormick; and I am free to say 
that, if remuneratibtv for eætra labor performed, heavy 
responsibility assumed, or actual toss sustained, can in any 
instance be accorded- to a pnblid agent, the prayer of the 
memorialist is entitled to the most favorable consideration. 
With sentiments of very high respect, I am your obedi- 
THOMAS LAWSON, 
ent servant, 
Surgeon Ceneral. 
Hon. -JAMES SHIELDS, United States Senate. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 believe 
that report was read the other day. I listened to 
it then, and did not get a very favorable impres- 
Sion with regard to the claim itself. I have novvr 
listened to it again with attention, and my previous 
impressions; those which I derived from the first 
reading, are confirmed. 1 see no reasonable ground 
upon which the allowance herc proposed, or any 
allowance, should be made to Dr. McCormick, 
I wish to call tho 
from the reading of the report. 
attention of the Senators, and of everybody en- 
gaged in the disbursement of public moneys by 
legislative action, (if that may be called disburse- 
ment,) to the fact that there is hardly an offcerin 
our employment, in any grade, of any condition, 
connected with any department, who, if accident. 
ally called u>on to render a service not exactly in 
the strict line of the placc in which he is located, 
does not come here and ask for an allowance in 
consideration •of that extra service. Why, sir, it 
has crot to be the fact, with regard to the public 
servmcc generally here tunoncr us, that no tnan 
thinks he is under slightest obligation to do 
any thing that is not precisely marked out for him 
by t.hc rules and regulations, wl-lerevel' he may be, 
in any particular branch of the scrvicc, without 
being entitled to come here for extra pay. The 
thing is not creditable. We have such applica- 
tions from clerks in the Departments almost every 
day; we, have them from other quarters, officers 
of the Army, odicers ofJhc Nåvy, offcers in every 
branch of the public service everywhere. 
Now, sir, what did this man do? 1 hold that 
he did not do any thing out of his proper line. 
He was an assistant surgeon in the Army, sta- 
tioned at Orleans. The particular duty of 
in the Army, or a surgeon in the Nåvy, 
is deÄned by no law; and I am not aware thal it 
is defined by any particular regulation. What 
was he called •upon to do? Hc was called upon 
to purchase stores peculiarly appropriate to his 
own department—medicines, medical stores, and 
things of that kind—for the Government. While 
he was in that business, he was not en- 
and certainly it was 
gaged in attending the sick ; 
It wus a service 
no more disagreeablc busii'less. 
'Ilhey I,vere to be pur- 
that he well might render. 
chased by somebody. Their vaiue, their quality, 
was to be tcsted. Why should it 110t be lcft to a 
surceon to rnake these ptrchuses for the Govern- 
ment? and why should he charge us for the time 
that was taken from other duties, which he might 
have been called upon to perform, to devote to 
that? The Government was cu titled to his advice 
and his aid in reference to thcse matters. 'l'o be 
sure, he might havc been cn«raged in attending 
thc sick; but while engaged ih this, he was not 
attending to the sick; and, I take it, it was no loss 
to him. 
What was the other duty? Certain invalid sol- 
diers, sick soldiers, were landed there; and it 
seems an appropriation was made for their ben- 
efit; and an assistant surgeon being present, he 
in their line, but connected with it, then there is 
an application for additional pay. It comes from 
your clerks when employed a little out of offce 
'hours; and so on. Sir, it is discreditable to every 
branch of the service. 
This man talks about losses. He does not say 
He exhibits 
that he has sustained any losses. 
no evidence that he lost anything. The committee 
do not say that he lost anything. Nobody says 
that he lost anything in any -way, although he talks' 
about the losses thal he might have experienced. 
If he lost anything which was not occasioned by 
his own carelessness, or lost anything in conse- 
quence of beingemployed in this business, I would 
pay it; but because some portion of his time was 
taken up for the benefit of the Government in a 
service which he might well render in this line, I 
see no reason why we should give him the sum 
1 should 
of $2,500, or any other surn whatever. 
like to hear better grounds for it than have been 
given in the report or memorial, before it can com- 
mand my vote, at any rate. 
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, 1 will briefly state 
this case, and nothing more. Dr. McCormick, 
then an assistant surgeon in the Army, was or- 
dcred to duty at New Orleans, at the commence- 
ment of the war with Mexico, and was continued 
on duty there for two years and a half. The duty 
of an assistant surgeon in the Army is to attend 
to the sick and wounded; and these are all the 
duties pertaining to the offce of 
but this rnan wus required to perform other duties, 
and duties that did not belong to an assistant sur- 
geon. He 'vvas made the medical purveyor. 
was made his duty to take carc of all the sick and 
wounded on their return from Mexico, as well as 
those going to Mexico; and he was busy every 
i day, ahnost every hour, during that whole time. 
i Well, sir, that was not all He was also made a 
paymaster, and he disbursed and paid out over 
$180,000. I-Ie discharged the duty of paymaster 
I-Ie was directed to do it, 
m paying thc soldiers. 
as an exmnination of the papeus will show. Hc 
paid money for medicines, paid for attendance, 
and disbursed an amount of money that, if it had 
been disbursed by a regular paymaster, would 
have given an allowance of and for that 
reason the original bill, that proposed to pay over 
$7 ,000, was reduced, on the motion of the Senator 
•from New York, a member of' the Committee on 
Military Affairs, [LVIr. KING,] to that sum of 
money; for the law allows, in addition to the reff- 
ulat' salary of u puymaster, $1,000 a year when 
employed in paying volunteers. It was so through 
the wtu• with Mexico. Now, sir, we propose t.o 
pay this m:tn , not what, in my judgment, he ought 
to have; nor what the committee heretofore be- 
lieved that hc ought to have; for this body twice 
passed a bill allowing him over $7,000, givinQ' 
him the regular percentacre on the amount dis- 
burscd; but it has been reduced to precisely the 
amount that a paymaster would have received in 
he had disbursed the 
addition to his salary, if 
money. 
With this statement of facts, and with the unani- 
mous report of the conunittee after careful inves- 
tigation, I hope the Senate will not reject this 
claim; for I look upon it as just; and if •l did hot 
I should not have given my consent to this report. 
I examined it, and so did thc whole committee. 
I They believc it just; and my judgment is that it 
ought to pass. 'l do not intend to consume time. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 am satisfied, Mr. President, 
from what I have heard, that this bill ought. not 
If these services were rendered by this 
to pass. 
man in the regular performance of his duty, I 
was called upon to attend to them, and see that i understand that the compensation provided by 
they were. furnished with necessary clothing and taw is his proper compensation, and t.hat he has 
attendance, and made comfortable. That. would no further demand upon the Government. 
seem to be in the line of his duty particularly and i claimed that these were cxtra services, and be- 
peculiarly. But for these services he calls for ex- yor)d those which belonged to his proper duty. 
tra compensation, as services out of the line of his Under the circumstances, and considering the re- 
particular business that he x,vas engaged in, in ad- lation, or rather the office, which this man held, 
I should be opposed to payinghim even if these 
dition to his salary. Does he give the Govern- 
services were extra services, quite as much as 
ment any credit for thc time that he was not en- 
gaged in business peculiar to his profession? Not though they were his own proper services, and 
at all. There are many seasons of the year when falling within the line of his appropriate duty; 
these gentlemen have nothing to do of any con- and for this reason: here is a surffeon, or assistant 
sequence; when they are at perfect leisure. They i surgeon, of the Army,in time of war, voluntarily— 
for we must assume that this service was volun- 
tary, if it was outside of the line of his duty—as- 
suming and discharging duties which do not belong 
to him as a surgeon or assistant surgeon. Of 
coürsc, he can perform these services only by the 
neglect of his appropriate duties; ond a surgeon 
of the Army or Navy, in time of war, has no bus- 
iness to neglect his appropriate duty, which the 
Senator from Oregon very properly observed is 
devotion-to the wounded and the sick; and a sur- 
geon •who steps aside from that duty to perform 
any other service not belonging to his profession, 
ought not to be paid, butought to be reprimanded. 
I speak, sir, for the sick and the wounded; and I 
am astonished that the Senator from Oregon , him- 
self a soldier, knowin« much more about this 
than I do, should be willing to pay a surgeon for 
departing from the line of his proper duty, 'and 
doing other duty, no matter how well he per- 
formed it. Hc had a higher duty, and that.was 
to attend to the sick and the wounded; and if he 
neglected that, I repeat, I would not pay him one 
penny for it—not one penny. I would frown 
indignantly on a surgeon in time of war doincr 
any other than his appropriate duty; and I shoulä 
feel that I was not speaking for those who can- 
not speak for themselves—the sick and wounded 
soldiers—if I did not take this ground on all such 
I hope that the bill will not pass. 
applications. 
Mr. evVIN rose. 
Mr. LANE. Only a word, and I will yield the 
floor to the Senatorfrom California, for I want to 
hear his opinion in relation to this matter. I will 
say to the Senator from Connecticut that neither 
he nor the Senator from Maine expressed any 
surprise, or astonishment, or remorse, or regret, 
at the last session of this Congress, in voting to 
increase a man's pay that had been fixed by law', 
to the amount of seven thousand dollars and over, 
though he had only rendered eighteen months' 
service, and had received #2,500 a year for nearly 
four years. They found no obiection in the world 
to voting to increase it to $4,500 a year. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 would ask the Senator from 
Oregon whether that was the cuse of a surgeon 
who had departed from his duty ? 
It was the case of a 
Mr. LANE. No, sir. 
superintendent of Indian affairs. That gentle- 
man was appointed utder a law that fixed hig sal- 
ary at $2,500. He rendered eighteen months' ser- 
vice only, and that was established here in the 
Senate; and notwithstanding that, the Senator 
voted to increase his pay for four years, or nearly 
that. There was no difficulty in getting that 
through on the yeas and nays; and every gentle- 
man on the other side voted for it. Now, when 
a rnan has rendered service, and was every day 
on duty for two years and a half', and performed 
such service that entitles him to pay—to the com- 
pensation provided for in this bill, at least—the 
Senator finds objection to it. I leave it to the Sen- 
ator and to his conscience,and to others, to act as 
they picasc in th is Inatter , and reconcile their action 
in that casc with their action in this. 
Mr. GWIN. Senator from Connecticut 
has said that Dr. IVIcCormick neglected his duty. 
It is the first tinw I ever heard the charge made. 
He is an etninent sur reon 
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator will excuse me. 
I did not by any means intend to charge DY. 
McCormick with neglect of his duty. He is a 
perfect stranger to me, and, for aught I know, a 
very valuable and meritorious oflicer. 
I spoke 
merely of the necessary result ofencoura"ing sur- 
geons to disregard their duty and attend to other 
service, which they could only do by lieglecting 
their duty. 
Mr. G WIN. He was ordered by his superiors 
to perform this additional service, not to neglect 
his duties as assistant surgeon. No man can 
charge that upon him, because there never was a 
more faithful public servant than Dr. McCormick. 
I ',vas residing in New Orleans at the time, and i 
know that he performed the services that have 
been stated. He also performed his own regular 
services, as an assistant surcyeon, to the satisfäc- 
tion of everybody. Nobody i.vas neglected. No 
duties of his office, as assistant surgeon, were neg- 
lected during the time he performed these other 
services, by •ofder of his supertors, involving him 
in heavy responsibiiities. Any loss which he 
lhight have sustained; any robbery committed on 
him; any mistake, would have involved him in 
I very large pecuniary liabilities. He was required 
