THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOL-IN 
T HIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
by his superiors to do these duties, and he did 
them well. i think thöre never was a more meri- 
tot•ious claim brought before the Senate than this. 
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am opposed to 
this bill, and I have heard the. remarks ot the Sen- 
ator from Maine with a great deal of satisfac- 
tion 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must 
interrupt the Senator from New Hampshire. The 
hour of one o'clock having arrived, it is the duty 
of the Chair to call up the special order. There 
is upon the Calendar a long list of special orders, 
some of them made at the last session, and in 
which the Senate seems to take no interest. 
Mr. HALE. I move that we begin '•,vith the 
Calendar, because I have been a member of the 
Senate for twelve years, and the Senate never took 
up the Calendar a day since I have been in thc 
body; and as they say the Union is going to be 
dissolved, I want to have it to say that one day, 
while I was in the Senate, it went on with the 
Calendar in order. 
Mr. G WIN. I have been here twelve years 
very nearty, and never saw the Calendar taken 
up regularly once; and, as my time here is short, 
[ do not want it taken up now. I think there is 
something more important before us now; and i 
move to suspend all prior orders to take up House 
bill No. 701. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is n 
the motion of the Senator from Calitörnia. 
RAILROAD TO TIIE PACIFIC. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid- 
oration of the bill (H. R. No. 701) to securc con- 
tracts and make provision for the safe, certain, 
and more speedy transportation, by railroad, of 
mails, troops, munitions of war, military, and 
naval stores, between the Atlantic States and those 
of the Pa.cific, and for other purposes. 
Mr. FOSTER. i have a slight amendment to 
this bill, which I think has been made necessary 
by the previous amendments. I move, in the 
sixty-third line of the fourth section, to strike out 
the words passage of this act," and insert in 
approval by the Congress of the 
lieu thereof, 
United States of the said acts of incorporation.' 
I think that it is necessary in order to make the 
bill consistent with itself. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 think that is already in the 
Mr. FOSTER. Not at this point, at all events. 
I think the Senator is right in reference to its bein« 
in the bill elsewhere, but it ought to be in here in 
order to make the bill consistent with itself. 
Mr. GWIN. is right to put in the 
rnent, if it is left out there. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 observe that in the 
printed bill, as amended, an amendment which I 
offered when the measure was last under cohsid- 
eration by the Senate, is not Included; and, on 
conversation with the Clerk, I ascertain that his 
impression is, that the question wag not put to the 
I therefore desire 
Senate upon that amendment. 
to call it up, that the vote may be put to the Sen- 
ate, so that there may be no mistake about it. 
Mr. LATHAM. The vote was put, and the 
amendment was declared by the Presiding Officer 
to be carried. I recollect it distinctly. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is my recollection; 
but on looking to the Journal of the Senate it does 
not appear so, and the Clerk was of a different 
impression. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will 
read the amendment. 
The Secretary read Mr. DOOLITTLE's amend- 
ment, which is in section four, line fifty-onc, after 
the word dollars," to insert: 
Provided, That thirty per cent. of the whole arnount of 
bonds of the United States to be advanced as atöresaid, 
shall be retained by the Secretary of the Treasury until said 
road Shail be fully convicted throughout the whole Jine ; 
and in case the road shall not be completed, the bonds In 
the hands ot' the Secretary of the 'Treasury shall be forfeited 
to the United States. 
Mr. GWIN. Is that under consideration now? ! 
39 
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1861. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the. chair.) It is called up by the Senator from 
Wisconsin. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My recollection is that 
this amendment was put io vote of the Senate 
when the bill was lust under consideration, and 
that it was adopted; but tbc Journal does not 
state the fact, and it is not printed in the bill as 
amended. 
Mr. G WIN. And therefore, as I understand, 
it is now under consideration, as the Journal does 
not show that it has been adopted. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. 
Mr. G WIN. I have bccn exceedingly anxious 
not to say a word that would postpone immediate 
action •on this bill; 
but I am very much opposed 
to this amendment. 
I think it will .jcopardize 
the whole enterprise. The bill now is sccurely 
guarded to prevent exactly what the Senator 
from Wisconsin wishes to guard against by this 
amendment, so that the rond shall be completed 
throughout. The great compensation is in the 
center. The great profits of this great enterprise 
will be in building the road entirely and 
the withdrawal oi a large amount of the credit of 
the Government of the Ünited States, in my judff- 
ment, will jeopardize the vvholc enterprise 
the Senator will look with attention through thc 
whole bill, 
he will find that it is particularly 
guarded so as to force the corporator.s to build the 
whole road. The great compensation is in the 
center; and they arc to forfeit all the moneys they 
have put in it if they do not complete it. know 
that thc Senator is a friend of this great measure; 
but I believc he will jeopardize it by pressing his 
amendment. 
I am, however, so anxious to get 
thc bill out of comrnittee and into the Senate, that 
I shall say nothing more on the subject, than that 
I hope the amendment will not be adopted. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE 1 shall the Sen- 
l. regard this amendment as essential; and 
ate. 
without some further security in' tbc bill, I doubt 
exceedingly whether 1 could bring mind to 
vote for it at all. Looking through the bill, I see 
there may be a chance -for specaEiators to go on 
with the road to accrtain distance, and when they 
comc to some mountain that will involve a large 
expenditure, or when they comc to crossa desert 
C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 39. 
out the word six," and to insert twenty;" Sö 
that it will read: 
'Phe deficiency be by scleetionk tnadc 
in twenty Iniles front said toad from lands of' United 
States, 'c. 
And in line ninety-two, I move to strike out 
the word " six," and toinsert " twenty;" 
so •that 
it will read: 
To causc the public lands for twenty miles on each side 
of so much Of such road as the parties Inay indicate to be 
withheld, 
Mr. BRAGG. I would like to hear the Sena- 
tor explain the effect of this amendmcnt. 
It seems 
to Ine it increases the quantity of public land that 
is to be given to this company, vastly. 
Mr. CHANDLER. The effect of the amend- 
ment will be to allow six sections per mile instead 
of one. The amendment which has just been 
adopted by the Senate reserves thirty per cent. of 
the bonds which are to be issued to the road, as a 
guarantee for its final completion; this amend- 
ment proposes to increase the quantity of land 
throughout -the Territories to the extent of five 
sections per mile. That is the whole of it. 
Mr. BRAGG. Then, understand it,itmäkes 
the quantity of land to be given to the corpora- 
tors about five or six times as great as the bill 
proposed to give originally. 
Mr. CHANDLEn. Yes, sir; but we reserve 
thirty per cent. for its final completion through 
the more difficult portions of the route. 
Mr. BRAGG. I can only gay that 1 cannot 
vote for that amendment. 
I do not think it ought 
to pass. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 am not altogether sat- 
isficd with the amendment-offered by the Senator 
from Michigan, so fur as the lands are concerned, 
within the limits of the States, certainly. I do 
not know but I would consent to givc six sec- 
tions per milo through the Tcrritories; but to give 
six sections per mile, commencing on the Mis- 
souri river, and going through thc good lands for 
two, three, or four hundred miles from there, with 
the money proposed to be given, I think is more 
than ought to be givcm. 
Mr. G WIN. r am willing to strike out the 
State of California. That is the only State af- 
I fected. It will not give a foot of land there any- 
i how; for it is all mineral region. 
country, wherc it will involve a large expendi- 
they may abandon the contract and pocket Mr. CHANDLER. I am an 
very large profits in tho speculation, without goino• amendment that the sixth section shall be confined 
I through with the work, and throw it back on our 
I therefore desire to retain in the Treas- 
hands. 
ury enough to secure the buildincr of the road, and 
the buildihgofit through; hence desire that this 
amendment shall be adopted. 
I Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope that amendment 
will bc agreed to. I am very anxious to vote for 
i any measure which will securo the building of a 
Pacific railroad. I will state that in tend to offer 
another amendment, after this one shall have been 
adopted, which will, perhaps, obviate to some 
extent the objection which the Senator from Cal- 
I shall offer an amendment at the 
ifornia makes. 
proper time, mcreasing the quantity of land to be 
given to thc road from one to six sections per 
mile. I think that will, perhaps, be more than 
compensation for this thirty per cent. which will 
be reserved to insure the final completion of the 
road. think it a very proper amendment. Any 
company that will take hold of this great enter- 
prise, with the intention of completing it, would 
certainly not object to a suffcient guarantee re- 
maining in the Ijsnds of tbc Government for its 
completion; and I think thirty per cent. a reason- 
able amount for that guarantee. 
The PRESiDi1NG OFFICER. The question 
is on the atuendrnent proposed by the Senator 
from Wisconsin. 
The amend Eitent was agreed -to. 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 to strike out, 
to the Territories. 
! Mr. DOOLITTLE. say section mile 
in the States, and six sections per mile in the Ter- 
I ritories. As Kansas is now admitted, this amend- 
ment would exclude Kansas and California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment as modified by the mover. 
Mr. BRAGG. Let us see how •it would read 
as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment will be read. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should likc 10 understand 
this proposition. 
I Mr. DOOLITTLE will state to the Senator 
from Illinois that the bill, as it now stands, pro- 
i poses to give one section pcr mile throughout, 
besides bond g. The Senator from Michigan pro- 
poses to amend it so as to give six sections per 
mile through the Territories, and one section per 
mile through the States. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. lam content with that. 
I Ms. GREEN. As the bill now stands, 1 think 
the amendment ought to be adopted. I think the 
construction put on the bill is a mistake. My 
reading of it makes it a half section per mile. It 
says, c' the odd section within a mile;" 
and you 
cannot make that tunount to more than a half 
section. 
! Mr. GWIN. Well,it be six now 
Mr. GREEN. I am in favor of that; but I say 
in line sixty-hine of' the first section, the words the bill, as it stands, without the amendment, 
so that it 
one mile," and insert " six miles;" 
Every alternate section of la.nd within six Illiles of such 
railroad line, 
, in kine eightv-si.x, I move to strike 
Likewise 
not right. 
I am for the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading 
of the amendment as modified was called foi•, and 
it Will be read. 
The Secretary read it: In line sixty-nine, to 
