610 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
strike out the words " one mile," and to insert I have a railroad connection to Puget sound now 
sir miles;' ? and after the word " line," to insert l! provided for by the present bill as it has been 
within the Territories of the United i amended. I hope, there.ore, the bill will not be 
the words " 
and in line eighty-six, to strike out the encumbered by puttincr on a third route to the 
word " six," and to iiisert twenty;" and after Pacific ocean. I have no objection to giving to 
in the same line, to I i our friends in the northern section of our posses- 
bhe words " United States," 
sions on the Pacific coast all the facilities and all 
insert the words wilhin the Territories thereof;" 
and in line ninety-two, to strike out the word the military advantages of this measure. 
' six, 'and to insert " twenty;" and in lineninety- 
three, after the word " road," to insert the words 
as lies within the Territories of the United 
so that the section will read: 
States;' 
Every alternate section of land within six miles of such 
railroad line within the 'l'erritories of the United States, 
ag such persons may adopt, said sections to be those desig- 
nated by odd numbers : Protided, That in any incorpora- 
tion of themSelves, or with others as stockholders or part- 
:neræ, to carry out the provisions of this act, no person shall 
be permitted to subscribe stock to a greater amount than 
the eash value of his estate, to be determined by the par- 
ties herein narned, and their associates, by oath or othcr- 
wise. And when the United States have disposed of any 
such sections, or for any other reason cannot convey title 
thereto, or when the same shall be condemned by the United 
hig decision be ap. 
Stat.cs surveyor as worthless, (and 
proved by the Secretary of the lutcrior,) or when the same 
shall be, rnineral lands, or if' thc same shall bc occupied at 
the date of the application to the President to withhold 
them from settlement and sale, as hereinafter provided , the 
deficiency Shall be rnade up by selections made within 
twenty miles from satd road from lands ofthe United States 
within the Territories thereof to which nonc of the atötc- 
said objections apply: Provided, That so soon as the terms 
of this act are accepted by the parties undertaking to per- 
fortn the services herein provided for, it shall be the duty 
of' the President of the United States, upon the application 
of said parties, to cause the public lands, tbr twenty Iniles 
on each side o? so much of such road as lies wilhin the 
parties may indi- 
Territories of the United States as the 
cate, to be withheld from settiernont, sale, and oceupation, 
until the lands shan have been surveyed and the alternate 
sect.ions selected, as provided in this act. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. CLARK. I have an amendrnent which tl 
propose as an additional section to the bill: 
and bc it furthcr enacted, 'I'h;tt the grant of lands and 
and is, upon the express eon- 
bonds hcrcin •na(le shaft IM', 
dition that Congreks shall havc the power, at any tillie here. 
after, to the provisions Of this act, ikjr the purpose (Ji' 
restraining abases and protecting the public in : Pro- 
mi(led, hou:ecer, 'I'llat shall not. bc 
ernpou•'ered to 
pass any laws (iiåninisiling tho specified a;nouut contri- 
ot' the Ullited States; but, the 
bution in lauds ,and 
conditions herein ilnpose.d, and t 
provisions 
hereafter be Inade, shall be conjpläed With. 
I understand that there is no 012jection to this 
amend:nent on the part of the friends of the bill; 
and I hope it will be Inade. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. WILKINSON. to amend section 
four of this bill, by striking out, in line förty-nir,e 
the word " sixty,' and insertino• in lieu thereof 
they have them as the bill now stand'. In NM ash- 
ingtofi Territory there are only sixty thousand in- 
habitants; and the branch from the Sacramento 
valley to Portland and to Puget sound will give 
I hope 
all the protection that is wanted there. 
this amendment will not be adopted. 
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the yeas and nays 
on this amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish to say, byway 
of repetition than otherwise, that I shall vote 
I have already ex- 
ao•ainst this amendment. 
pressed the reasons why I am opposed to any 
amendment to this bill; and having kept my faith, 
and voted against cvcry amendineflt which has 
• been offered in the Senate, I shall vote against this. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall for this amend- 
rnent, the effect aud object of which are, as the 
Senator from New York will see, by reducing 
the amount appropriated for the cen tral and south- 
ern routes, to create a fund for a northern route. 
Like the Senator. from California, I am in favor 
of one railroad to the Pacific; I think there should 
be onc great central route; but if you are to have 
a central and a southern road, I think the upper 
portion of the north western States are entitled to 
a northern route; and as this amendment is to 
reduce the amount appropriated to the central 
route $10,000,000, and the amount to the southern 
rou and a ppropriate these two stuns, 
with an additional sun'1 of #4,000,000, to a north- 
route, increasing the whole amount appro- 
priat(.'d by thu bill on'ly $4,000,000, I shall vote for 
the amend mci')t, though holding myself at liberty 
afterwards to vote to strike out the provision for 
the southern route and confine the bill to one rail- 
road to the Pacific ocean. 
If an opportunity can 
'"iven to pursuc that course, I shou ld prefer it; 
otherwise, I shall vote for this amendrnent. 
I deem it proper, sir, to remind 
Mr. BAKER 
the Senate of' tlre effect of this atnendmcnt, com- 
bined with others already offered. Upon the ino- 
ti on gentleman—I believe the Senator from 
Oregon, [M r. hasalready bccn added 
to tbc kinc of road provided for in this bill a road 
from the valley of the Sacramento through the 
valleys of Rog•cte river, Urnpqua, and Wiliaructte, 
a railroad not f'ar from six hundred miles long— 
fifty;' so as to rnakc 
a new l)ü'rdcn upon the bill as it, came from the 
Provided 'I'hat sunl so advanced as aiörcsaid shall 
I louse of Representatives. 
not exceed 
It is proposed now, 
- adding only in annount $4,000,000, to direct the 
This is for the central route; and if this amend 
ment shall be adopted, I propose to follow it up 
by nruoving to strike out in the section 
in relation to the southern route, and substi t.utiucr 
$25,000,000. r I'lje ob.jeel which have is to so all.er 
this bill that we provide a road on the 
northern rou te, and rna kc provision fi)r the 
ment of fin- t.hat, whic.h is the 
amount that I propose gi ve 
to the southern 
routc. By adoptin•r 
the which now 
offer, and those with which I propose to follow 
it, the bill will provide 
an advance in bonds of 
for the route, for 
the southern route, arid $25,000,000 for the 
I believe the adoption of this amend- 
ern route. 
ment is necessary aud cs.s•cnlial to make a fair 
and honest bill. 
It will only increase the whole 
construction of another road, the length of which 
would be by thousands of miles—the 
' Senator from Minnesota will correct me if I am 
wrong—DII what is called the northern route. 
I believe thal every real friend of the measure, 
ho ha:••, long and l)atiently entertained the hope 
thut. bill tuit'llt pass and a road be built, is op- 
posed to cither of these arncndrnen•ts; not because 
not because, if I may bc 
sve do not desire then) ; 
l, 
representin(Y the rnost 
allow od to repeat it, 
herly State in the Union, would not mnphat- 
ica\ly desire it if it were practicable; but because 
and fecl, and think we know, that to add 
we see 
twenty-five hundred or three thousand miles of 
road, with an increase of 000,0000nly, will bc 
so to cause tbc road t.f) that it will fall. 
arnount raising it up from W c cannot do it. 
I will vote with all the cheer- 
to offer this an)endn'lent. prepara- ft-ilness in the world , as the distinguished Senator 
to the others which I have indicated. 
G M/ I N. I hope this amendment, will not 
be adopted. 
It is the conunencement ofa third 
line to the Pacific. My own judgment always has 
been, that the whole power of this Government 
should be devoted to the construction of one line; 
but I have Diven up my preferences for that plan, 
and yielded to the 
bi\i that has been sent to us 
from the I-louse Representatives provi(.l for 
two lines. 
has already been 
ad (I) 1) ted a tl 
lbat u-ilf ve a railroad connection to 
the Pacific coast at l) Lt'.ye.t sound, on the loot-ton 
fi•on') [LMr. LAXL 
of the Senator 
The 
stands will 
give all the inilitary pro- 
tect,ion that is dosired by till y portion of t.ho Uni- 
ted States; and all that bill, amended as the 
Senator from A'! inncsota proposes, can give. We II 
froin New . York said he would, 
a northern 
road; I will vote Inore than cheerfully, I will vote 
gladly, for an V road from California through Or- . 
II wouil(l be m v duty and my pride; but 
I cannot be tempted—I was about to say bribed— 
by a roa_d going through y State or near it. 
I 
do not feel myself at liberty to forego the on}y 
opportunity I 'have had, or evcrtnay have, to lend 
hiy aid to {he 'practical of the greatest 
dition to two roads you make three, by a branch 
from the vallcy of the Sacramento to Portland; 
and in addition to three you tnake four, by a great 
northern rou te, which, as the Senator from Cali- 
fornia has well said, is not, in his judgment, nor 
is it in mine, necessary for public military defense; 
and when, to do all that, you only add $4,000,000 
as compensation to the corporators who are to 
make these roads, it strikes me that these are 
measures which the enemies of the bill may de- 
sire, but which the friends of the bill can in 
wise approve. •While I do not complain of the 
Senator from Minnesota—it is his duty and hig 
interest and his pride to do it—I do add the last 
words which I propose to say upon this measure 
to the friends of the bill,. asking them if they bc- 
lievc it possible that they can provide successfully 
for any road at all, if they add what is not far 
from twenty-five hundred miles of road, and then 
increase the money' advance of the Government, 
by the poor, pitiful sum of $4,000,000? I hope, 
therefore, that those of us who do really love the 
in its last agony, vote against any 
road will, 
amendmcnts. 
Mr. GWIN. only add one. word; for 1 
am anxious to have action on this bill. W Inag 
the Senator from Oregon has said, is literally true. 
It is not in ordel' to spcak of what wilt occur else- 
where; but it is very doubtful whether we can 
get enacted into a law, by the sanction of alk the 
departments of the Government, such a bill even 
as cäme to us from the other House, covering the 
amount which it proposed to advance. Now, we 
shall crush down and destroy this measure en- 
tircly, in my honest judgment, if we add another 
road—destroy it either between the two Houses, 
0! elsewhere. 'There are many friends of the 
ce•ntral road who believe it cannot be built wit!i 
the aid which this bill proposes that the Govern- 
If you weaken it at all; 1 
ment shall give. 
weaken the confidence of capitalists, who have to 
put their Inoney in it, aside froin t.he credit of the 
Government that is given, and the land that is 
granted, the whole Ineasure may be destroyed , 
and the road rnay never start. As I havc frc- 
quentiy stated before, will vote for what the 
Senator froun Min nesota brings forward, as a sep- 
Let, it stand on its otyvn merits. 
arate measure. 
If' the bill had cornc to us from the I-louse of Rep- 
rosentatives writh this other road in it, I should 
have sustained it. Now, I hope every friend of the 
Pacific railroad bill will vote against this amend- 
ment. Perhaps I ought not to say that; it may 
be a reflection on those who are its friends. 
know that there are local interests which gentles 
Inen n•nlxst respect; but I wi.sh to remind them of 
the fact that they may destroy the whole rneasure 
•by standing by amendments to this bill, that are 
urged on account of the effect thev will have on 
t.héir localities. I wait it to be understood by the 
Senate, that this particular amendmei')t, striking 
out from the central road, does not 
diminish the whole amount to be appropriated, 
but will tend to increase it. 'Ithis amount is to be 
stricken from the central route, and a like stun is 
to be stricken frotu the southern route, and both 
an-lounts, with an additional sum, are to be given 
for a northern route. T.he• result of this amend- 
ment, therefore, will be to increase the amount of 
bonds to be issued ,.and to add to the lands granted 
to the extent of millions of acres; for, of course, 
this northern route will have its six sections to 
the mile also. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 
desire to sav a single 
I bölievo that 
word ill relation this amendment. 
there are three railroads already in process of bc- 
ing built. frorn the eastern to the western slopes 
the Rock y Mountains. There is a road in pro- 
cess of construction on tho central line. There is 
one across Texas which is to reach El Paso, and 
smne day will reach to the waters of the Gulf Of 
Cali(ornia, cither at Fort Yuma or perhaps at 
some lower point down upon the Gulf; but it is 
in Iny judgment, whether it will 
very doubtful, 
ever go from Fort Yuma across the Colorado des- 
ert, and from there up to San Francisco. There 
111 y podr word is a road in process of construc tion upon the cen- 
and I desire, i, 
work of the acre 
will pass for anything, to say to every gentlernan 
h.vho really does desire the buildin«y of a road, that . 
you are causin«y it to under amend 
until it. will fall. 
Sixty million dollars is a good deal of money; i 
but the road is very long; and when, 
in addition 
to the length as at prescribed , and in ad- 
trai line, as I have said, and it is bound to (70 
through. The people of Pike's Peak, and those 
and are settling in that neifrh- 
who havc settled 
borhood, are bound' to have a rai!road communi- 
eni.ion ; the people of t.h-e Washoe mines are bound 
to have a railroad communication with Caiifornia. 
So, too, with or without legislation, there isa rail- 
