612 
THFI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
power, [ have no doubt C01]gress can make roads 
other, State, or to keep them in the Union. If sas,and run several hundred miles on each branch. 
It is very convenient to those neighborhoods to for that purpose. 
If it is necessary for the de- 
they cannot be held loyal td the Constitution and 
have those branches; butl am not prepared to say fense of the country, a road along the border near 
laws of tbc land without voting this great wrong, 
that the public interests of this nation are to be Mexico, it appears to me, would be proper; that 
I, for one, will not keep them in at all; let them 
very materially affected by them. You are delay- is, the southern road. If these roads should be 
But if it is the object and purpose of the friends ing the main line by havino• so many branches. , i necessary for military purposes, it must be by an 
of this measure to vote for the proposition which Then,on the central route, as it iscalled, you make interruption of the relations between our Govern- 
is the best calculated to promote the interests of two branches—one to the western border of Mis- l! ment and Mexico on thé one sidc, and our Gov- 
thc whole country, then they will corne forward souri, and one to the western border of Iowa—to ernment and Great Britain on the other, with 
It is forcign Powers that would attempt to blockade 
and vote for this northern route; for it has been I come together after several hundred miles. 
I look upon the southern route as . 
demonstrated by Governor Stevens in his survey, very convenient for the railroad interests in Mis- our coast. 
souri and in Iowa to have those branches made necessary for military dcfensc in the event of war 
and by others iVho have carefully investigated it, 
that it is, beyond all question,.the most feasible for them, t.vith a view to connect with the main from that side, or an attempt to blockade that 
route. i should like to heat the Senator fron) Ore- 
gon [Mr. LANE] cxpreds his views upon it. 
is acquainted the military bearing of this 
question, and I do not pretend to understand any- 
thing about those matters. If the friends ofa Pa- 
cific railroad wish to do justice, and wish to pass 
an honest and fair measure for the interests of the 
[ apprehend thcy will come Tor- 
whole country, 
ward and vote for this amendment. 
It has been customary for some gentlemen 
thc Pacific coast to get up in this Chamber and 
denounce every man who did not support their 
particular measure, as being opposed to the wholc 
schemc of the Pacific railroad. Now, sir, I do 
not admit that those men are the especial guard- 
ians of this measure at all. 
Mr. GWIN. Does the senator allude to me as 
one of those Senators? 
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 more particu- 
larly to the Senator from Oregon and the rernarks 
he made the other day. 
Mr. G WIN. All I havc got to say is, that if 
the Senator referred to me, he IS entirely mistaken. 
Many friends of the Pacific railroad differ with me 
on this and other points; but I do not pretend to 
throw any imputation on gentlemen who inter- 
posc their measures, becausc I believe they arc just 
as Rood friends as I mn to the Pacific rnilrond. 
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 had in my mind, the 
timc, morc particularly, some remarks madc by 
the Senator from Oregon, the other day. Now, 
sir, I deny that those gontlmnen, or anybody else, 
have any right to charge us with being cnemies of 
thig measure because we do not favor the partic- 
ul:u• bill that has been introduced. Sir, this bill, 
thut has conie to us from the House of Repre- 
scntativcs, is a bill of' abominations. It is fraught 
with tnnnifest injustice and wrorw•, aud, instead 
of producing thc results which some gcntlernen 
expect, I believe these Texan seccssicnnists will 
Ifmcn arc not bound' to this Union 
laugh at. you. 
by any stronger ties than those furnished by this 
railroad scheme, then the quicker they get out of 
the Union, in my humble judgment, the better. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr.' President, so long us 
we wero proposing to set apart the pul)lic lands 
for the construction of a Pacific railroad, I was 
always in favor of makincya crrant to three routes, 
putting them on terms of exact equality, and al- 
lowinrr each of them 10 make thc road as fast as 
they could; but if we arc to make large appro- 
priations from the Fedcral Tu•easury under the war 
power, or any other specific power, it is hard to 
say that three are necessary, or that we could not 
"Ct along even with one. I am afraid we arc going 
to defeat any Pacific railroad bill by encumbering 
it with too many roads, too many branches, and 
too large an amount of tnoncy, so that it will fall 
of its own weight. Now we have inserted a 
branch, I believe, from Sacramento, in California, 
over to Puget Sound. 
Mr. LANE. To Portland, Oregon. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. To Portland, A road 
there would be of great service. I would be will- 
ing to give any amount of land there to aid in the 
construction ofa road, as we have done in other 
States; but really I cannot say that that is one of 
the essential works of national defense that comes 
within the ronteof the main stem across the Rocky 
Mountains. 
It will be a verv expensive road . 
will run over various ranøes of mountains where 
there is very little travel, 
It wili bc very conve- 
nient to those, people. 
I should be glad to exer- 
cisc the powers of this Government as far as I 
could 2 to promote their interests and their conve- 
nience; but sir, svc arc adding greatly to the diff- ' 
cullies surround ina• 
the bill by putting in that 
clause. 
T he sanu:• is. true (if the branches on this side. 
W c be«in this southf.u•n route on the western bor- 
trunk; but they would make them themselves very coast. The route is a good one. I have traveled 
soon, if we would make the main trunk, without over it; and believe every gentleman who has 
i traveled over it will join me in saying that there 
the Federal Government making the branches. 
Now, after having put on those, the proposition is very little obstruction—scarcely any impedi- 
is for a third road from Lake Superior to Puget ment at all. You may drive in a buggy, on a 
Sound. That is a very good route for a railroad. trot, over every mile of the country that I passed 
I have often over on that route. 
No doubt it is entirely practicable. 
pointed out the route as a practicable one, and as Then, sir, the northern route, I am sure, is a 
one to which we ought to make a grant of land, very practicable one, and would terminate, as pro- 
setting apart alternate sections for many miles on vided by this amendment, at Puget Sound, the 
finest sheet of water on the face of the earth. The 
each side to create a fund to make that road; but, 
if we are going to put it upon this bill, I anl 
sir, 
afraid we arc taking upon our shoulders a little 
more weight than wc can carry. I am afraid we 
are imposing on the Fedcral Treasury a 
demand than we can supply. I fear we are (Y01nø 
to make. them all useless, by dividing our sub- 
scriptions between so many that we shall either 
defeat the whole, or postpono the construction of 
all for an indefinite time. 
I would much rather make but one road, so 
situated us to be fair to all sections, and so that 
all roads on this side could connect with it. I bc- 
licve if we could set aside all thesc local interests, 
and start one road at the city of Sacramento, Cal- 
ifornin, and then over to the Washoe mines, and 
kcep due east until you strike the head of thc 
Arkansas, you woul(l find a good route and a 
practicable road. When you get to the head of 
the Arkansas, one branch should run down to 
Louisiana in the direction of New Orleans, and 
the other to Iowa, in the direction of the north- 
western States; and thus you would accornmo- 
date the wbolc country quite as well, perhaps 
better, by one road with two branches, than you 
would rather do f 
would with all these roads. 
. It would require very lit.tle changrein this 
bill. This Texas company, incorporated in Texas, 
would only havc to l)end their road a little to con- 
nect. As to our central road, as you call it, I 
believe the head of the Arkansas the best pass for 
it 10 go through thc mountains. I do not think we 
should find as good a route north of itas we should 
find there. 
do not pretend to make a motion to this effect. 
I dcsire t.o see the bill passed. I was prepared 
to vote for the two routes, even with these ob- 
noxious branches upon them under protest, and 
without any disposition to quarrel With the Sen- 
ator from M innesota for saying it is a bill ofabom- 
inations. rl"hcrc is too much truth in that remark. 
, are too many provisions in it that. cannot 
There 
country east of the mountains and up tbc Mis- 
souri nver is generally level; and until you strike 
the Rocky Mountains, it presents very little ob- 
struction to the building of a road. From Fort 
Benton, on the navigable waters of the Missouri, 
to Fort Walla-Walla, on the Columbia river, 
upon the border of Oregon and Washington, and 
only a short distance from Puget Sound, it is only 
six hundred miles. By this statement you see, 
Mr. President, that a railroad on that route is 
practicable, and would be necessary for the de- 
fense of the country. 
The central route is the great route; and I look 
upon it as the route for the. defense of San Fran• 
Cisco, and all that portion of California—of which 
it may be said to be the center—and for the de- 
fense of the Salt Lake and the Pike's Peak coun- 
try. It would be the business route, at any rate, 
for many years. T hc distance from thc contem- 
plated southern route to the northern routc pro- 
I vided for by the amendment, is some fifteen 
degrees of latitude—a rough country to travel over 
—and neither onc road nor the other would an- 
swer the purpose. T hc southern road would not 
answer the purpose of thie defense of our north- 
ern frontier, nor would the northern road answer 
for the defense of the southern frontier. 
When this bill was first presented here, I was 
very much opposed to it; and 1 doubted, as I do 
yet, very seriously our right to pass it; certainly 
we cannot do so unless it is necessary for the de- 
fense of the country. I put it on that ground, and 
on that ground alone can I vote for it. Since the 
bill camc here, it has been amended and very 
much changed; many guards have been thrown 
around it. It is a much safer bill than it was when 
it came from the House of Representatives. Be- 
sides, a provision is now made for a branch from 
the central linc to Portland in the State of Orcgon. 
very neat to the line dividing Oregon from 'Wash- 
ington Territory. shall feel it my duty, therefore, 
well be dcfendcd, for us to say it is not liable to to vote for thc bill without this amendment; but 
have Ei believing that these extreme portions of' the coun- 
very strong an(l vcry serious objection. 
made up 111 y mind to vote for it, aftcr such mod- try ought to be provided for, the North as well 
ifications ns we can get; but it is about as stronty as the South, and tho South as well as the Norbh, 
a pull upon my conscience as I am prepared to i I feel inclined to vote. for the amendment offered 
If we are going still to accumulate more I by the Senator from Minnesota, knowing that bis 
endure. 
route is practicable, and seeing that that road will 
and more, branch after branch, and a new road, 
I will give no guarantees that I shall votc for the be needed, in the event of a war with Great Brit- 
bill in the shapc it may finally assume. I would ain, fbr the protecli0F) of that portion of your coast 
bordering on Puget Sound, and for all the country 
I would rather con- 
rather lop off than increase. 
centrate upon one central route, with only one lying on the line. 
I only make these remarks to give my views 
branch to the southwest, and the other to the I 
northwest, than to add to it; and yet I cannot say about the Practicability oftl'le several routes. The 
that the people on this northm•n route have not northern route is very practicable, and so is the 
just as high a claim as they have upon either of i southern. The central route will be a pretty heavy 
the other routes, if we are going beyond what is I one, but it is practicable; and the road ean be made, 
really essential for military purposes. 
and will be. verv useful. 
suggest to the friends of the bill, that we must Mr. CLINGMAN. If I understand this mo- 
vote upon the various propositions with a view tion, it is to strike out the Texas line and insert— 
to national interests, and not witha view to mere Oh, no ! ' 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
local interests that may be protected by the va- 
ment has been modified, it is silnply to ndd the 
rious amendments. 
Mr. LANE. If I understood the Senator from sections which have been read; noL to strike out 
Minnesota. he said he should like to hear my any portion ot• tbe bill. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then the explanation 
views on this subject. The discussion, the other 
day, on the amendment of thc Senator from Lou- which I was about to make is not necessarv. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not. had an opportu- 
isiana, [Mr. BENJåi1JN,] satisfied me that the Sen- 
ate believed it. was necessary for the defense of nity to examine the details of this bill; but I 
der of also at Fort Smith, Arkan- the country to build thesc railroads. Under that perfectly clear that it would add greatly to the 
