1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
617; 
If we do not do it we shall fol- II God's sake, do not let us make this concern a cor- 
Mr. BAKER. 1 hope the amendment of the 
tion of the road. 
Senator from California will be adopted. I have low thc example set in other parts of the country rupt jobbing concern; do not let men without 
examined it carefully, and it is just as he says. heretofore, and we shall have a set of speculators character and -without money take control of it, 
As the amendment stands nov.,r in the bill, any and stock-gamblers brought into the road, and in the hope of making some , money outof•the 
they will not put their money in it; they will come United States and out of these lands, putting no 
delay on the part of Congress, at its next session, 
in to make money out of it, to make a job of it, 
would entirely defeat the road. This autendment i i 
merely changes whata lawyer would call the bur- to cheat the honest men who put their money in 
tho road, as has been do;oe heretofore, and mort- 
den of proof. 
It requires Congress to dissent \ i 
from the act of incorporation in a certain time, or gage the road, and before we get through, the 
whole thing will bc thrown on our hands. 
else the road goes on. 
Mr. SI MM'ONS. I hope that amendment will 'Natismy deliberate judgment; and the history 
If these people cannot come here of railroad building• in this country for twent.y 
not prevail. 
with such acts of incorporation as will bc approved years Sustains me in this policy. This tends to 
by Congress, they ought not to have the road, or honesty; the other, I believe, Will invite dishonest 
t men into thc road—stock-gamblers, a class of Inen 
to have the Inoney. 
that I do not wish to sec in it in any way what- 
Mr. BRAGG. I ask for the ycas and nays on 
I want to offer inducemcnts to bring into 
thc amendment. 
this road mcn of talent, t•ncn of character, men 
T hc yeas and nays wcrc ordered. 
who are willing to invest something in it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. What is the 
licve the good of the country requires it; and I 
quostion ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment proposed by tbc Senator out, the time will come when we shall wish, and 
from California to the amendment which was the country will wish, we had kept this check 
adopted in Ccnnmitteeof the Whole. 'I'hemnend- upon it. That is my judgment. 
I Mr. CHANDLER: is of capital who 
ment which was adopted in Committce of thc 
money in themselves, but cheating the - honest 
man who is induced to contribute to build the 
road from high considerations. 
Mr. FITCH. The mortgage can in no way 
affect the interest of the United is 
very certain—except it may be the means of more 
quickly completing the road; and therefore may 
affect the interest of the United States beneficially, 
not prejudicially. The stockholders, under an 
amendment to the bill adopted at the suggestion 
of one of the Senators from Louisiana, can , if they 
will, have control of the road; for any man, citi- 
zen or foreigner, can subscribe to this stock, and 
make himself a party in the directory of the road, 
If, then, after having subscribed and expended 
their own means to the extent either of then; abil- 
ity or their willingness, they consent, through 
their representatives in the board of dircctory,-to 
mortgage what they have expended, and procure 
money for the completion of the road, it is their 
It only expedites and secures 
If 1 lookout, not ours. 
build railroads anywhere and everywhere. 
Whole was to add to the proviso, at the end of 
those men of capital, after having placed, as they 
the first section of the bill, ' 
nor until said acts 
supposed, thc requisite amount in the road to com- 
of incorporation shall have been submitted to, and 
II plete it, discover that it takes a million, or two mil- 
approved by, the Congrcss of the Unitcd States. 
The Senator from California proposes so to arncnd lion, or three million dollars more, and other men 
stand ready to take their bonds, and they have 
it as to make it read, nor said acts of incor- 
poration shall be, disapproved by the of advanced all they are willing to advance for the 
II cotnpletion of the road, why-should we prohibit 
the United States at its ensuing session." The 
them from raisincr money in that way? I ap- 
question is on the amendment to the amendment, 
preciate the argument of the Senator from Mas- 
on which t.he yeas and nays have been ordered. 
sachuse.tts, for aru a sufferer in that way myself. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have paired off with 
I have sacrificed stock and bonds; but the roads 
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. IBIGLER.) 
, havo bcen built-, and I have been benefited in the 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
building of the roads. want this road built, 
resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows: 
and whether it be built on stock or not is imma- 
Y EAS—Messrs. Baker, Douglas. Fitch, Foot, 
terial to me, so that the road itself be built, and 
Foster, Gri•nes, Gwin, llcnll)hin, Johnson of' Arkansas, 
, I belicvc the only way to insure its completion, 
Lane, Latharn, Nicholson, Powell, Rieé, SebasUtill SC w- 
ard, l.'Vi"täII. and h.ViIkinson—19. 
is to enable the stockholders to raise n)oney in any 
NAYS—Mcssrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Chan- 
i legitimate way they can. I do not believe that 
dler, Clark, Clingman, Collarner, Di.xon, Doolittlb, Durkce, 
you can get the enormous amount of stock sub- 
Fessenden, Green, King, Morrill, Polk, Pugh, Saulsbury, 
scribed by bonaJide men of capital which it will 
Siinmons, Surnner, 'l'en Eyck, 'I'1101nson, Trunlbull, Wade, 
and Wilson—25. 
take to complete this road; but I do believe that 
So the amendment to the amendment was rc- 
these men of capital, after having subscribed all 
jected ; and the question recurring upon the amend- 
they arc willing to subscribe, will be enabled to 
ment made as rn Committee of the Whole, it was 
raise.money upon bonds that moneyed men con- 
I think the insertion 
sidcr to be good securities. 
concurred in. 
The question was next stated to be on concur- 
I of this amendment will be a fatal clause in t.he 
ring in the amendment made in the fou section, 
by inserting after " United States," in the forty- 
The question being taken, there were, on a 
division—ayes twenty-five. 
seventh line, the words: 
Mr. G WIN. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
And no mortgage, or construction bonds, shali ever be 
The eas and nays were ordered. 
issued by said cunpany on said road, or mortaatye or licn 
Mr. BITCH. It is so manifest to me that the 
Inade in any ',vay except to the United States. 
adoption of this amendment will defeat t.he object 
Mr. G WIN. Ido not want to occupy thc time 
of the Senate, but look on this as a matter of i, of thc bill, and effectually prevent the construc- 
tion of the road or roads, that if the amendment 
vital consequence. A vast amount of money will 
have to be raised by the subscribers. The first be adopted, •I shall feel constrainedto vote against 
If the stockholders are 
'l"he the bill in all its phases. 
mort«rage will secure the United States. 
Government is to have the first lien on the road, willing, after subscribing and paying to the ex- 
tent of their ability, to mortgage their own credit, 
which is a sufficient guarantee to the United States 
(and the amount they have sub-scribed is the basis 
for the payment of the indebtedness of the com- 
pan y to them, if it shall ever be able to pay any of the loan,) it is their loss, and they incur the 
If you prohibit them 
loss with their eyes open. 
del)t at all. Then the amendment offered this 
morning by the Senator from New Hampshire, from borrowing after expending all their own 
means, the roaa falls, mcessarily falls, and the 
giving the control to the Congress of the United 
the completion of the rdad, instead of retarding 
If they are cheated, they are cheated by their 
it. 
own agents; and the prospect that they may be 
cheated iVill probably Induce them to be extremely 
cautious in the selection of a board of directors. 
But to prohibit that mode of using the capitol 
which those men may subscribe, is to prohibit 
them from making the stock. valuable to the very 
men who themselves have taken it. 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 do not believe there has 
been a railroad built in the United States ten miles 
in length without the issue of bonds. I never 
heard of one. Certainly there has not been one 
built of fifty miles in length without issuing bonds. 
The projectors of a railroad obtain subscriptions 
to an amount sufficient, as they suppose, to com- 
plete the road; but when they come to construct 
It, they encounter a granite hill or, as in my own 
State, an almost bottomless lake. The cxpense. 
of bui!ding the road is, thereby, enormously in- 
creased, uncxpected!y increased. Does the Sen- 
ator from Massachusetts suppose that when they 
have comc to an obstacle of 'thit kind, they are to 
obtain a new subscription to complete the road ? 
They never can do it. Up to that point their road 
is useless; while if they can complete it through, 
it is valuable. By the issuing of bonds or evi- 
dences of debt, they can raise money to complete 
the road. It may cost more; it may sink the cap- 
ital of the original subscribers to the stock; but it 
was sunk any way if the road stopped there, and 
it is not wort.h a farthing on the dollar if you stop 
it half way. Then, if you raise money, I carc not 
it it be at a usurious rate of interest, to carry the 
road throvh, something may be made, whereas 
nothing wfil be made if you stop there. That is 
precisely the case here. You propose to build a 
railroad across the Rocky Mountains, but do you 
know how much money it will take to carry the road 
through those gulches ? You know nothing about it. 
After you get subscriptions sufficient, as you sup- 
pose, to complete the road, you get up into one of 
the passes of the mountains, and you find that 
you lack $2,000,000) (the Senator from Massach u- 
setts says you shall not borrow this $2,000,000;) 
States, and giving them a supervision over this i very object of the bill will be clearly defeated by 
who wilt comc in and supply the money, unless 
work, if thero is any abuse in it, it seems to Ine the passage of the amendment. 
answers the purpose which the Senator from Mr. WILSON. Allow me to state this point you can borrow it?• Your security is ample. You 
Massachusetts had when he offered this amend- i! to the Senator from Indiana: if the manao•ers of have already invested, as you suppose, money 
I am afraid thiz would so cripple the work I this road are allowed to mortgage the roaa, they enough to build the road. It will not do it. You 
on both routes, that it might prevent anything can do so, and the original stockholders will be offer bonds that are satisfactory to moneyed men; 
your stockholders have exhausted themselves; 
cheated altogether. Has not this been the experi- 
effective in building either of the roads, ånd there- 
ence of the country? The result has bccn that the they have paid up all their stock; they have in- 
fore I hope it will not be adopted. 
MI'. CEIANDLER. I hope this aunendment honestportion of the community that invested their vesied all the money they are willing to invest; 
will not be adopted. If' moneyed men see fit to means to build railroads, have last their money, and now they come forward with securitiesthatare 
take second mortgagc bonds of this company, I lost their stock, lost their bonds; and the mana- perfoct{y satisfactory to moneyed men, to carry 
cers and jobbers and speculators have lost their the road through the pass; and the Ser.ator from 
see no reason why we should undertake to inter- 
character, but a great many of them ha.ve made Massachusetts says it shall not be done. Sir, 
fcrc between the company and those who are will- 
It 
If I had millions of dollars, I this proposition is an absurdity upon its face. 
It money out of it. 
incr tf) advance money to carry on the road. 
like a nccdless interference with the would not take a dollar in this road, if the man• No railroad ever was built or, in my judgment, 
progress nt• the work, and I hope the amendment acers of it could mortgage it away, for I would ever will be completed, without the power of bor- 
rowincy money. 
I know that should lose* every dollar of it; and I 
be, adopted. 
Mr. SIMMONS. r would suggest to the Sen- 
2Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to take up the tell you they will lose every dollar if the man- 
ator from Michigan tl'lat, in just such a case as 
time of the Senate, but I think we had better stand acrers have this power. We offer great induce- 
he puts, they can a )ply to Congress to get liberty 
by the vote adoptinæ this amendment, and adhere mcnts to go into this road. We give to the cen- 
to borrow. Let tlhern. put their money in and 
to this policy, for the reason that if it stands in tral road and a large quantity Of land; 
and now, if the moneyed men, and the people of i! give somc security, before you authorize them to 
the bill it will induce mcn to into the measure, 
hire money. It is for the very purpose of pre- 
and rnen onlv who are willinT to put their money this country, cannot contribute the balal'lce that 
I think it will tend to secure the construc- is necessary, I am willinff to vote more; but, for ventincr stock-jobbing that this amendment owht 
