1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
619 
insert in lieu. thereof " daily;" so that it will a law, the Government will receive no•monev next that the State of California was cari•ied för Abra- 
year on account of the sales of public *lands; 
read: 
ham Lincoln. 
It was for t.he simple: reason that. 
Provided, That the contractor shall supply Denver City . whereas, if the present land system had been con- 
the Republican party advocated a daily ovcpland 
and Salt Lake City daily without extra charge. 
tinued, it was estimated bv the Secretary of tbe mail, and were the open and avowed.. friends Of 
IVIr. PHELPS. N'lr. Speaker, the condition of i I 
the Treasury admonishes us to endeavor to re_ Treasury that the receipts *from the sales of pub- the Pacific railroad. On every stump and •every 
lic lands during the next fiscal year would have hustinqs it was proclaimed by their orators that)' 
duce the expenditures of the Government, instead an)ounted to $3,000,000. 
in the Ovent of the Republican party getting con- 
of increasing them. If there was sufficient nnoncy This Housc has already passed a tariff bill, 
I trol of the Government;- a daily overland? mail 
in the Treasury to defray the ordinary expenses which is being considered in the other branch of j wouid be given to California. On behalf of that 
of the Government without resorting to the aid of Congress; and predict that, under that tariff il State, 
I now respectfully, in ali kindness and 
a loan, I should desire to see a daily overland bill, if it should pass in the form in which it frankness, ask the Republican members of this 
mail to tbc Pacific coast established; but in the passed the 1--101iSO Representatives, there will 
House to carry out the pliohtéd faith of their 
present condition of afl'airs, I am constrained to not be as much revenue rcccivcd as is received 
part.y. 
oppose the proposition which is pending here. 
As far as thc expense is concerned, the- gentle- 
under the existing tariff bill. You must remem- 
The Secretary of the 'ih•easu ry has communi- 
I man from Missouri [Mr. PHELPS] has gone fully 
ber t.hat, at the present. time, trade and commerce 
cated to this House that, in addition to the reve- 
, and elaborately into that matter, believe that 
in ever v portion of the United States is depressed. 
nue dcrived from customs, from tile sale of the 
the revenues to bc derived from a daily overland 
"Ehe estimates for receipts from cust.oms, up to 
public lands, and from 'nisccllancous sources, and I the 1st July next. , are but and if the 
mail, after it has got fairly into operation, will re- 
In addition to the $5,000,000 of Treasury notes political troubles arc not quieted, the. amount of 
pay the expenditures necessarily incurred in car- 
recently negotiated, he will nced between this time : revenue rcceivcd will be less than the Secretary 
rynng it out. Believing that. tbc Republican party 
and the 30i.b of Jane next, $21 and up- of' the Treasury has estimated. 
will stand by its platform, and redeem its p2ighted 
wards, in order 10 mcct demands upon the rrrcas- 
filith to the people. and State of California, -I have 
that every mcastl.u•e thus far taken 
I say, then, 
ury authorized by existing laws. This statement 
in the 'i-_loase has had a tendency to (leprcciate the 
. nothing morc to say. 
Mr. Missouri. 
is correct, as tar as it goes, and was correct at the 
I have only {i word 
pnl)tic credit, instead of strengthenintr it. 
Instcad 
time it was made; •but the Secretary of the Treas- 
to say to the Housc on this subject, and that word 
of retrenching you are actüally launchil')g out into 
will be in rcply to my friend ahd colleague, [Mr. 
ury has not embraced in that cstimatc the items new expenditures, and such as arc not justified 
i PHELPS.] Ith'inkil hardly fair that my colleague, 
of expenditure which are proposed in tho defl- by the exigencies of the Departinent, or 
who has already an overland mail runninn• fiUht 
ciency bill, which has not yet become aiaw. The the necessities of the country. 
amount 04 money appropriated in the deficiency. Asrain, Speaker, at this very session of 
th rough thc center of h is district—an overland mail 
bill, as it passed the House of Reprcsentativcs, Congress—as if the public credit of the Govern- that carries nothing but letters; mail linc that 
has proved itself unequal to the wants of the peo- 
was the sum of $1,293,000. The Sen.ate has added ment was not sunk su?åciently low—this I-louse 
ple•, n mail linc costing the Government $600,000 
to that, involvi1)T $813,000. 
must pass a Pacific railroad bill, 
burdening the 
a year, and fastened on the people more by the 
House of Representatives has recer:tly passcd a 
nation with an addi[.ional debt of ,000,000. 
bill appropriating the sum of $400,000 to defray , The effect of all this is to depreciate the credit of influence of my colleague than ot• any other ton 
the expenses of Indian in the State of Cali- the Governrnent, while wo all know that the Gov- members—I say it is hardly generous in him to 
In addition to that, wc have an estirnated il ernment nutst borrow between now get up here now, when we ask but the pitiful sum 
fornia. 
deficiency of $437,000 for defraying the expenses and the 1st of Jaly next. rl'hese are the reasons of $200,000 in addition, to send to the people of 
II 
why I arn constrained to oppose the propositions the Pacific States thirty mails a month, laying 
of taking the census, which has to be Ine,t between 
In other words, It subrnittcd froin [hc Conunillce on the Post Office down tbc mails of thc United States cvery cvening 
this and the 1st of July next. 
and Post Roads. T hc same objections extend to in San Francisco, and réceiving them every even- 
then, if t hc deficiency biil shall become a law, and 
incr in the Atlantic States—and, on the -pretext 
if the I-louse shnll concur in t ne amendments 
the amc.ndmcnts which the Senate has put upon 
that the Treasury is not in a condition to draw 
which tho Senate has placod upon the bill, and if 
this bill. 
i One word nd.v in regard to thc last amcndment i upon, to try to defeat this overland mail bill, and 
the Senato shali pass the California war debt bill, 
which passed this House without objection, and submit.ted by the chairman of the Post Office to prcventa daily mail to the Pacific coast. 
which i presume will receive the sanction of the Committee, proposing increased rates of postage Mr. PHELPS. Docs my colleague mean to 
Senate; and if we provide for this deficiency for on newspapers between the Aflantic and Pacific intimate that the Treasury is not in a bankrupt 
I invite the attention of members to the condition, and that that-statement is a mere pte- 
paying thc marshals for making tl'ke enumeration 
coasts. 
that as lines of telegraph are cxtcndcd text? 
of the people of the United States, now due to fact, 
I did not rncan to 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
them, and which must be paid before the 1st df 
throughout- the country, the circulation of news- 
I papers diminishes. At the last session of Con- 
bc so understood. I admit the condition of the 
July next, you will have added to the present kia- 
IJilitics of the Government a suin of rnore than grcss a bill was passcd making provision for the Treasury; but I could prove to any gent.lernan of 
establishment of aline of telegraph from t hc Mis- ii the intelligence of my colleague, who has not a 
two million five hundred thousand doltars. 
running through his district, that this 
stead, therefore, of being compelled by loans to souri rivcr to San Francisco. That kinc of' tel- 
By it is a rnatter of cconon-w, and that it would save, 
orovide for the sum of $21 5677 ,000, as csthnat.nd egt•aph is now in process of construction. 
I can show any man, who knows 
the Seci•etary of the Treasury, we knust add II 
i a year. 
all inforrnation and newts will be unn- 
to that sum more than two million five hundred to the people of the Pacific coast; and i as much as my colleague knows, that the reduc- 
that will necessarily lead to the cartailment of tion which would be effected in our Indian ex- 
thousand dollars; thus making it nccessary for 
t ho Govcnnncnt to borrow nearly twcnty-four circulati01') of newspapers pt.lblisl'lcdin the Atlantic penses for the first year, wili more than cover the 
additional expcnsc.s this bill provides for incur- 
{l States. People will not have lhc same desire to 
million fivc hundred thousand dollars. 
ring beyond the present cost of the overland mail. 
II receive those, newspapers, because all the import- 
I subrnit to the members of this blouse. whether 
they expect, in the present posture of affairs, that ant ncws contaik')ed in them will have been antici- send now a mail going through my colleague 's 
an additional loan will. be negotiated upon any pated by fifteen or twenty days, and will havo district., and which, after it leaves the western-bor- 
Perhaps it may been already published by the local press on the derofMissouri and Arkansas, never secsanybody 
better tcrtns than the late loan ? 
bc negotiated at tbc saine rate of interest whicl'l Pacific coast. Therefore I say that while pro- and never serves anybody. We propose to scnd 
pose to increase the ratesofpostaqe on newspapers this mail along the whole line of United States 
tho last issue of 'Treasury notes bears, but cer- 
between the Atlantic and Pacific States, the circu- forts, and, in Fact, to supply the forts and army. 
tainly not at a ratc of interest more than one or 
lation on the Pacific coast of newspapers published We propose to supply fifty or. sixty thousand 
one and a half pcr cent. less. Those notes were 
east of thc Rocky Mountains will bc din-finished -Atnerican citizens the region of' Pike's Pcak. 
negotiated at a rate of nearly cleven per cent. 
But it is noxv proposed (o provide for this in- by tbc construction of the line of telegraph now We proposc to supply sixty or seventy thousand 
creased postal service, to conuncnce on the 1st of! beina' built. Icxpect to see no increase of revenue, people in Utah; and, we propose to one 
I hundred thousand Alncric,an citizens in the Carson 
July next, which is to bc attended with an expense fron-l that source, or, if any, a very inconsiderable 
vallcv region. 
of $800 000 per annr•unz. You have already in- sui-n. So far as that proposition is concernpd, it 
Tliis line, it. is true, will cost a fraction mere. 
does not relieve the Senate amendment from the 
curred an expense Of för the calling 
than onc hundred thousand dollars beyond what 
obicction to the increase OL expenditures at this 
into service, sonoe time during thc ensuino• sunF 
we are now paying for the overland service; but 
mer and fall, of a reo•inu.i-nt of mounted troops in % i time. 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Spcakcr, this matter of a it sends thc mail daily, and it will prevent Indian 
the State of Texa_s. 
hostilities and Indian troubles. It will curtail the 
Then, acrain: on the of Treasury daily overland mail between the Atlantic and Pa- 
expenses of the Indian department more than 
notes lately issued, there will bc over a million cific coasts has been fully and discussed 
three hundred thousand dollars the first, year. 
dollars of interest, payable in January or Febru- by the gentleman frotn Indiana [A/lr. COLFAX] and 
ask my colleague to take the history of the coun- 
ary next. The House. of Representatives, it ap- tlie gentleman frotn Pennsylvania, [Mr. Gnow.] 
I do not propose to take a financiai vicw of this try in respect to its Indian relations since he has 
pears to me, has proceeded ratlibr recklessly 
been in Congress; I ask him'to consider the fact 
hcaping up expenditures during this session of matter; but I would respectfully call the attention 
I was pleased the other dav to hear E of the Republican side of the House toa porti0i'1 of that 120 United Statcs mail wagon has ever been 
Congress. 
the gcntltnnan from Pennsylvania, [Mr. STE- the Chicago plat.form. Gentlemen say they intend attacked by the Indians. He may point. me to the 
to live up to that platform; that they intend to fact that the great Salt Lake mail was once at- 
when hc was discuss:ng this question, ad- 
live, up to the doctrines enunciated in regard to the tacked by the Sioux Indians;-rbut I reply to him 
monishing Illis own political friends that they vvrerc 
• that the curtains of that mail wa«ron did not have 
question of slavery ; that tbcy intend to yield noth- 
not exercising that economy and that care in rc- 
upon them the lilagic letters " U. S. M., 
ing einbodied in that platform; and now. I havc 
gard toexpenditures that are exercised on this side ! 
of the House. There was need of that advice, a right to rcquirc of them, also, to live up to that i; never would have been attacked. My friend knows 
that privatc gentlemen traveling over the plains 
I rn- i i portion Of it i)) relation to a daily ovei•land mail 
and hope it will be received and acted on. 
mcdiatcly on the asscrnbling of Congress, this to C,alifornia. Y outrr as I am, I ncvcr expected are in the habit of placing those letters upon their 
wacons or carriaocs, knowing that it is a sure 
House passed a bill granting 110kne,sceads u:) actual to li long enough to see, tbc day when the State 
o ivcil hor vote for the protection from att-ack by the Indians on the route. 
I that it xvas in accordance with of California wou!d have 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I say 'to my friend froin 
Rut it. is significant. fact, 
Republican nnmir,oe. 
[f that bill l)Qc.orne 
the Chiea«o plat.fornl. 
