620 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
Ohio, [Mr. SHERMAN,] and to my friend from the will not be sustained at this time, after two or 
three speeches in favor and none acrainst it. 
Lancaster äistric.t of Pennsylvania, [Mr. STE- 
VENS,] one of whom, I believe, went to Chicago, Mr. COLFAX. I think the gentleman from 
and there solemnly Fledged the American people Missouri made the most elaborate speech which 
that his party would send a daily overland mail has been made upon thesubjectagainstthe arnend- 
to the Pacific coast, that I ask him now to redeem men t. 
Mr. PHELPS caned for tellers upon seconding 
that pledge; and -I ask the gentleman from Ohio 
thc demand for the previous question. 
to•remembcr that four years and a half ago, the 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. PHELPS and 
Democratic party made a pledge, at the Cincin- 
nati convention, that they would build a Pacific i CURTIS were appointed. 
railroad. They did not stand to that pledge; and The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
I now warn my Republican friends to remember I ayes 77, noes 45. 
So the previous question was seconded. 
the fate of that party in the last election, and see 
what will become of them if theyalsofaii to redeem The main question was ordered to be put. 
The amendment to the amendmcnt was dis- 
their pledges. [Laughter.] 
Now; if gentlemen will figure up the cost of agreed to. 
this proposed daily mail, and the cost of thc pres- The ameridmcnt offered by Mr. COLFAX to the 
ent service; if they will take into consideration Senate amendmcnt was agrccd to. 
the fact that the proposed line is ninc hundred The question recurred on the amendmcnt of the 
miles -shorter than the line passing through thc Senate as amended. 
district of my colleague; if they will take into ! i Mr. PHELPS demanded tlle yeas and nays. 
consideration the fact that ve arc compelled to The yeas and nays were ordcrcd. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
send the mail overland to Utah; that we arc com- 
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 64; as follows: 
pelled to send the-mail overland from one coast 
to the other, to Carson Valley; and that we arc YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Ailey, 
Thmnas L. Anderson, William C. Andersou, Ashley, 
compelled to send the mail overland to Pike's 
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Buthn- 
Peak; and then take into consideration the incon- 
ton, Burch, Burlingame, Burnham, Carey, Case, John B. 
until the overland mail service goes into opera- 
tion. I demand the previous question on the 
amendment to the amendment. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered; and, under the operation 
thereof, the amendment to the amendment '•.vas 
agreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to submit an amend• 
ment to the amendment of the Senate. 
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. When does 
the morning hour expirb? 
The SPEAKER. In three minutes. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move to the words: 
reserving to the Govermnent the privilege of 
annulling the contract, after the commencement 
of the overland service, upon ninety days' notice, 
and, in lieu thereof, to insert a prov:so that the 
service shall end on the 30th of June next. 
Mr. Speaker, the effect of the amendment I 
propose will be to terminate this service by steam- 
ships at the time of the commencmnent of the over- 
land mail service. You already have one over- 
land mail route at a cost of $600,000 per annum, 
siderable additional expcnse of sending t.hc mails 
daily, not only to them, but to all our people on 
the Pacific, I imagine they cannot look at this ad- 
ditional expense as any very great scare-crow. 
When you take into consideration the fact that, 
very short time ago, $600,000 was considered 
by Congress as a very small sum for carrying the 
mail, consisting of nothing but letters, to Pike's 
Peak, and that it is now proposed to carry all the 
than two hundred thousand dollars additional 
expense, this must ccrtainly be admitted by every 
«entleman to be an economical provision. 
I will 
not detain the House longer on this subject. 
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Spcakcr, the 
Clark, Coburn, John Cochrane, Colt,h.x, Coniding, Corwin, 
Covodc, Jtunes Craig, Curtis, Davidson, Dawcs, Delano, 
Dueli, Edgerton, Eliot, Fenton, Florence, Foster, French, 
Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Hale, Hamilton, J. Morrison Ilarris, 
Heimick, Ilicklnan Ilohnan, William A. Howard, [lughes, 
i Irvine, Francis W. 'Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kil- 
gore, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Marston, 
Charles I). Martin, McKean, McKcnty, McKnight, Mili- 
ward, Montgolnery, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac 
N. Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, I'cndleton, Perry, 
Potter, Pottlc, Rice, 'Christopher Robinson, Scott, Scd•r- 
pan, 'I'haycr, 'I'heaker, Tompkins: 'I'rain, 'I'rünbie, Val- 
landighmn, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Cadwaiader C. 
Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,VViison, VVind01n, Wood, 
and woodruff—101. 
i NA YS—Messrs, Charles F. Adams, Avery, Babbitt, 
i Bocock, Boteler, Branch, Brown, Burnett, Campbell, I 
will 
House now fully understands this matter. 
say that I cannot support the amendment pro- 
nett, Gurley, John Harris, Hatton, II indman, Hoard, 
posed to my amendment by the gentleman from 
Hutchins, Jenkins, Killinger, Kunkel, James M. Leach, 
Leake, Loaan, Longnecker, Lovejoy, Elbert S. Martin, 
Kentucky, requiring a daily mail to be carried to 
and you propose to establish another at a cost of 
$800,000 per annum, and your steamship service 
making 
amounts to $350,000 per annum—in all, 
$1,750,000 per annum for supplying the Pacific 
I desire, therefore, that 
coast with mail mattcr. 
this steamship service shall cease at the time the 
overland mail service, provided by the nineteenth 
! section of this bill, shall go into effect. 
My amendment is this: strike out tbc words I 
have already stated, and in lieu thereof insert 
these words: 
Which shall terminate, on the 30th of June next; and 
t if the mail service in the last preceding section should not 
commence on t.he day therein named, then said contract 
shall be annulled ; but the Postrnaste•r General may then 
provide for the continuance of said steamship service for 
anotbcr your. 
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has now 
expired. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have some to sub- 
mit on my amendment. As the morning hour 
has expired, will defer them till to-morrow. 
Mr. COLFAX. I hopc that, as we can finish 
Maynard, ilcClernand, Me Pl•erson, Millson, 
Laban i the bill in the next ten minutes, the considcration 
Pike's Peak without additional expense, because Moore, Morrill, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pryor, of the special order will not be insislcd on. 
I fear it would so increase the expensc the con- Quarlcs, Edwin R. Reynolds, Riggs, James C. Robinson, 
Royce, Shcrman, VVilliam N. II. Smith, Spaulding, Spin- 
tractor would have to incur that wc should not 
ner, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Vance, Wal- It 
be able to secure a contract within the limits fixed 
ton, Wcbstcr, 'vvens, Whitelcy, Winslow, and Wright—64. 
by this bill. 
I now h)ove tbo previous question• So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS. On what do you move the 
Before the vote •.vas announced,. 
previous question ? 
Mr. COLFAX. On the pending amendment. Mr. BEALE stated that he had paired Wilh Mr. 
If the gentleman frotn Indiana STOUT upon this question. 
Mr. BURCH. 
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. ALLEN, 
will allow me, I desire to make a single remark 
in reply to the objection urged by the Committee was absent from the House in consequenc'e of 
of Ways and Mcnns, against concurrin(Y in this sickncss in his family. 
Mr. MALLORY, not being within the bar i 
amendment. 
I will say that the people of Culi- 
fornia alu•cudy pay one hundred per cent. more when his name was called, asked leave to vote. 
Objection was made. 
on their newspaper mails than the other people 
Mih NOELL stated that he would have voted 
of the country. It is now proposed still further 
to increase their ratc of newspaper postage, an-d in the affirmative if hc had been within the bar 
they are wi!ling to submit to that if you will give when his name was called. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, not the 
them a daily m-ail. 
Mr. SHERMAN. There have been already bar when his name wus called, asked leave to 
Objection was made. 
PATENT OFFICE RICPORT. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous conscnt, laid 
before the House a communication from S. T. 
Shugert, acting Commissioner of Patents, trans. 
mitting the annual report of the Patent Offce for 
the year 1860; which was laid upon the table and 
ordered to be printed. 
IVir. FLORENCE. that one hundred 
thousand extra copies of that report be ordered 
to be printed. 
The SPEAKER. That motion, under law, 
•oes to the Committee on Printino•. 
Mr. BURNETT. The special order is the 
question before the House; and I hope, therefore, 
that the motion for the printing of extra copies 
vr'iil not now bc entertained. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair presented the 
two or three speeches in favor of this amendment vote. 
communication, there being no objection; and the 
II Objection was made. 
since there has been one against it, and if tbc gen- 
motion of thc gentleman from Pennsylvania is in 
i I M æ. CASE said his colleague, Mr. PETTIT, had 
tleman from California is to go, on with his re- 
been detained for several days from the House by Mr. FLORENCE. Mv motion goes to the 
marks, I hope the previous question will bc with- 
indisposition. 
drawn altogether. 
Committee on Printincr, under the rules. 
Mr. FRANK said, if he had been within the 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 call the previous question 
not propose to take any action on it now. It is 
upon the Senate tunendment, and all pending bar when his name was called, he would have 
a matter of surprise to me that there should be 
voted " 
amendments to it. 
li objection to my motion. 
It is the motion usual 
I Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by i i on the presentation of the Patent Office report, 
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the previous question 
I I i which the Senate amendment, as amended' was i I Mr. FLORENCE'S motion was received, and 
will not be called upon thc entire amendinent. 
desire to submit, as an amendment, a provision for 
concurred in; and also moved that the motion to 
referred to the Committee on Printin«. 
continuing the ocean mail steamship service until 
reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter *notion was agreed to. 
the 1st of July, 1862. 
JOURNAL OF CRISIS COMMITTEE. 
Mr. COLFAX. The urnendment which is The next amendment of the Senate was read, Mr. WINSLOW. Mr. Speaker, there has 
printed upon that subject has not been offered. 
been a misapprehension in reference to the order 
as follows: 
Mr. PHELPS. What is in the amendment? 
i to print the journal of the select committee of 
SEC. 20. and be it further enacted, That the Postmaster 
Let us understand the subject we are actinæ upon. General is authorized to provide tmnporary stemnship ser- 
thirty-three. On Tuesday o? last week, the chair- 
Mr. COLFAX. The Bending amendment re- 
vice, by the nearest and most expeditious route, between i i man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. 
New York and San Francisco, at a cost not exceeding ii SHERMAN] moved the printin• of additional copies 
lates solely to the central overland mail route. 
$400.000 a year, reserving to the Government the privilege 
The succeeding amendment is the one to which of annulling the contract, after the commencernent of the 
of the reports of the select committee of thirty- 
the gentleman from Missouri alludes. The Senate overland service, upon ninety days' notice. 
three; which motion was agreed to. It was under„ 
amendmentestablishesadailyoverlandmail. The 
Mr. COLFAX. I move concurrence in that 
stood at the time, that in that order to print was 
amendment of the Post OMce Committee to that i' amendment Of the Senate, with the followin& included the journal ofthc committee. However, 
amendment limits the mnount to be paid to amendment: 
it appears that on the same day the gentleman 
$800,000; and the amendment to that extends a 
Ei from Maine [Mr. MORSE] made some objection 
Strike out c: $400,000," and, in lieu thereof, insert , 
daily mail to Pikc 's Peak. The steamer service I $350,000," and reduce the length of notice from ninety to to the printing Of that journal. 
I did not hear it. 
has hothing to do with it. 
sixty days. 
In order that there may be no mistake, make the 
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the previous question This section provides only for carrying the mail motion that the journal of the select committec 
