1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
621 
thirty-three be printed, with the reports which 
huve already been ordered to be printed. 
Mr. CORWIN. It was the understanding that 
the journal of the committee should be prin . d. 
There was no objection; and it was order d ac- 
cordingly. 
STATE OF UNION. 
The House then resumed the consideration of 
the special order, being the report of the special 
committee of thirty-three. 
.Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not 
expect to be heard ill all parts of the Hall, owing 
to the bad stat_e ot• my health and voice; but I 
will present some views on the pending ques- 
tion, which I may not have another opportunity 
to do. 
I regret, sir, that I am compelled to concur in the 
belief stated yesterday by the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia, PRYOR,] that no compromise which 
can be made will have any effect in averting the 
present diffcuity. I concur in that belief, because 
it is rny belief, although I regret the fact; for when 
I sce these States in open and declared rebellion 
against the Union, seizing upon her public forts 
and arsenals, and robbing her of millions of the 
public property; when I sce the batteries of seced- 
Ing States blockading the highway of the nation, 
and their armies in battle array against the flag of 
the Union; when I see, sir, our flag insulted, and 
that insult submitted to, I have no hope that con- 
cession, l'iumiliation, and compromise, can have 
any effect whatever. And what confirms me—if 
confirmation were necessary—and what confirms 
thc remark of the gentleman from Virginia, ( N'lr. 
PRYOR,] is a piece of news contained in the paper 
just laid upon the desks of members. Virginia 
sends embassadors to the head and front of the 
empire that is proposed to be erected upon the 
ruins of this Government, for the purpose of get- 
ting South Carolina to appoint commissioners for 
the purpose of proposincr amendments to the. 
Consiitution of the United States, to secure their 
rights, as they say; and that kingdom of South 
Carolina peremptorily refuses to appoint any such 
commissioners, for the reason that it has no de- 
sire or dcsiffn of promoting the ultimate object set 
forth in the joint resolutions of the State of Vir- 
ginia—that is, the procurement of amendments 
to, or new guarantees in, the Constitution of the 
'I'has cnds negotiation; thus ends 
United States. 
concession; thus ends compromise, by the solemn 
declaration of the seceding party that they will 
not listen to concession or compromise. 
Mr. Speaker, following close upon the belliger- 
ent speech of tho gent:leman from Virginia yester- 
day, I saw the contribution toward compromise 
which the slaveholding States are willi1V to make 
to the North—for compromise means some con- 
Immediately after that 
cession from both sides. 
speech a bill came up to admit Kansas into the 
Union; and I am sorry to say that almost every 
southern man—men who had just been appealing 
to us to furnish them ground to stand upon— 
almost in a solid body the southern men voted 
acrainst even the consideration of the question of 
admitting Kansas, that source of all our WOCß. II 
leave the inference to the country. 
I have no expectation that anything that we. 
could say or do, or that could be said or done, in 
Congress, would have the least effect in retarding 
or accelerating the onward career of the secession 
movement which already pervades this land. Ido 
not believe that words now will have any effcct; 
yet it is right that the effort should be made. It is 
right that upon this floor we should enunciate our 
views; that from this Hall, sacred to freedom and 
free debate, we should inform our constituents of 
the condition of things, that they may well con- 
sider thenr, so that, if we are wrong, they may 
of that in the resolutions of the leading seceding 
State, South Carolina, which are as follows: 
Resolved unanimousty, That the Generat Assembly of 
South Carolina tenders to the Legislature of Virginia their 
acknowledgnent* of the friendly motives which inspired 
the lilission intrusted to Hon. Jud're Robertson, her com- 
niissioncr. 
Resolved unanimously, That candor, which is due to 
the long-continued sympathy and respect which has sub- 
sisted between Virginia and Soulh Carolina, induces the 
Assernbly to declare with frankness that they do not deem 
it advisable to initiate negotiations when they have no dc- 
sire or intention to protnote the ulti:natc object in view— 
that object which is declared in the resolution of the Vir- 
ginia Legislature to be the procurelncnt of •amendrnents or 
new guarantees to the Constitution of the United States. 
" Resolved unanimously, 'I"txat the separation of South 
Carolina from the Federal Union is final, and she has no 
further interest in -the Constitution (it' the United States; 
and that the only appropriate negotiations between her and 
the Federal Governunent are as to their mutual relations as 
foreign States. 
Bu t I have not heretofore expected that anyth ing 
that has been done, or could be said or done here, 
could have any effect in retarding or accelerating 
the headlong career of treason and rebellion that 
now frighten the land. This I deeply regret; as 
[ should be willing to go to the verge of principle 
to avert this catastrophe. 
The question of the dissolution of the Union 
is a grave one, and should be approached with- 
out excitement, or passion, or fear. Difficultics 
have surrounded all nations in their inception, in 
their proo•ress to greatness, and in their stability. 
Much of their success has depended on the abil- 
ity and the firmness of the statesmen who had 
the management of affairs in the days of their 
trouble. 'i'he virtue most needed in times of peril 
is courage, calm, unwaverin5 courarre, which no 
danger can appal, and which will not be excited 
to action by indignation or revenee. 
If such statesmen, governed by such qualities, 
should be found at the head of this nation when 
danger comes, there can bc no fear for the result. 
The Union •will overcome all difficulties, and last 
through unnumbered ages to bless millions of 
happy freemen. Homilies upon the Union, and 
jeremiads over its destruction, can be of no use, 
except to display fine rhetoric and pathetic elo- 
qucnce. The southern States will not be turned 
from their deliberate and stern purpose by soft 
words and touching lamentations. After the 
extent to which they have gone, it would do them 
no credit; condemnation which is now felt for 
their conduct, would degenerate, into contempt. 
The annual message of the President contains 
some wholesome trut-h.s mixed with atrocious cal- 
It states that— 
umrnes. 
'l'he long continued and intcnuperate interterence of 
the northern people with the question of slavery in the 
southern States has at length produced its natural effects." 
The President well knew that tho anti-slavery 
party of the North never interfered, or claimed 
the right to interfere, or expressed a desire to in- 
termeddle, with slavery in the States. Search 
the proceedings of their Legislatures, their con- 
ventions, and their party creeds, and you will find 
them always disclaiming the right or the intention 
to touch slavery in the States where it existed. 
But this calumny on the freemen of the North, 
traitors, and we shall long remain a: united and 
happy people. 
ft did not require . the present Constitution: to 
make our Union perpetual in: theory.. The Articles 
of Confederation declared in express :terms: 
That the Articles of Confederation •shall be inviolably 
observed by every State, and the Union Shall be perpetüal.» • 
If the force of moral suasion and- patriotism 
were alone to be relied on to jnsui•e its ,perpetuity, 
the convention which substituted the present for 
the old Constitution was but little needed. True, 
there were other defects in the old Articles. The 
several States had conflicting laws with regard to 
the revcnue, t.axation, and other subjects. As 
Congress could operate only on the States if they 
refused to comply •t,vith then• requisitions, it was 
diffcult to enforce them. But the great defect in 
the preceding Government was the want of au- 
thonty; and the main motive for the change was 
to clothe the central Government with suffcient 
power to perpetuate its own existence. The res- 
olutions of the several States appointing delegates 
to the convention, and thc act of Congress rec- 
ommending it, show that. The act of Congress of 
May, 1787 , recommended a con ven lion " so to alter 
the Articles of ConCederalion as shall be necessary 
5, 
to the preservation and support of the Union. 
Massach u setts instructed her delegates so to amend 
as to render the Federal Constitution adequate 
to the preservation of the Union." 
Connecticut 
instructed hers in the same words. New York 
instructed, so to amend as to render the Federal 
Government adequate to the exigencies of Gov- 
ernment and the preservation of the Union." 
As to coercion, General Washington, in a let- 
ter to Mr. Madison, dated before the convention, 
(March 31, 1787,) in discussing the necessity for 
a stronger Federal Government, says: 
I confess, however, that my opinion of public virtue is 
so far changed, that I have my doubts whether any system 
without the means of coercion in the sovercign, will en- 
force due obedience to the requireunents of the General Gov- 
ernment; without which everything else fails." 
These quotations might bc fortified by similar 
ones from many States and leading statesmen 
They prove, beyond all doubt, that the Constitu- 
tion was intended and supposed to confer on the 
Government sufficient power to defend and per- 
petuate the Union; if necessa•ry, to " coerce" a 
rebel State, or, to reach the same point by a surer 
road, to coerce the people of the State to obey all 
laws of the General Government. 
The" Congress of the Confoderation could act 
If they were refractory, it was 
only on States. 
found difficult to enforce the laws. 'l'he Consti- 
tulion ismade to operate directly on the individuals 
—on the people, without resorting to State au- 
thorities or asking State aid. The Constitution 
being ordained by the people, and operating di- 
rectly on them, does not permit the States to 
thwart its operations any more than it invokes 
It is a self-sustaining, independent 
their aid. 
power, and absolutely sovereign wJthin its sphere. 
If a State pass laws or ordinances hostile to the 
Constitution, no citizen is bound to obey them. 
Nay, he is bound not to obey them. If, in obe- 
I dicnce to them, hc vioJates the Constitution, he 
so often repeated by a Inan who, during his whole 
political life, has been the slave of Slavery, is not cannot plead such laws in his defense. 
hooves every citizen , at his peril, to decide whether 
worth a moment's consideration. He makes I 
hc will obey the higher or the lower power—Ibe 
very able and conclusive argument against the 
right of secession; and had he followed it out to 
its legitimate results, he would have deserved the 
gratitude of his country. 
Bu tafter denouncing secession as a great wrong, 
he came to the impotent conclusion that there is 
no power in the Government to prevent or pun- 
It is time that this important question were 
I do not perceiye 'when any better oc- 
solved. 
Constitution of the United States or thc void en- 
If he commit treason against 
actment of States. 
i the United States, hc will not be excused, like a 
soldier who obeys his commander, on the ground 
of obédicnce to higher authority. 
In order to clothe the central Government with 
power to defend the Union and rnake it perpetual, 
the Constitution provides that— 
• Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du- 
i ties, imposts, and excises, to provide for the colli1Ri01i de- 
easion can present. itself to decide whether this 
ttnse and general weifhre of the United States; to regulate 
if we are right, they may strengthen Union exists by the of individual 
cotnmerce; to dceiat•e war, and make peace; to raise and 
States, or whether it requires a constitutional 
support armies; to provide and tnaivtain a navy ; to call 
our hat)d.s. 
Sir, I wili touch but briefly upon the question majority to absolve them from their allegiance. out the militia; to suppress insurrection," &c.. 
It provides that the President shall take care 
If it shouEd be determined that secession isa right- 
of secession which is claimed by the gentleman 
fi•orn Virginia, [Mr PRYOR,] and upon the rightof ful act, 01' that there no power to prevent it, that all the laws shall be faithfully executed; and 
coercion, which is denied by him, and the kind t i then the Union is not worth preserving {bra singic i, to enable him to do it, makes him commander-in- 
chief of the Army and Navy. To leave nothing 
day; for whatever disposition shall be rnade of 
of coercion which, in my judgment, will prove 
eflöctual to bring them back inlo this Ijnion the present difficulty, fancied wrongs will con- in doubt, it gives Congress power to make all 
laws w'hich shall be necessary and proper for car* 
i stantlv arise, and induce State after State to with- 
without l•nlmiliation, and make that Union per- 
draw il•om the ConLderacy. If; on the other hand, rying into execution ali powrers vested by this 
it should it, be decided that we arc ONE PEQPLE,and Constitution in the Government of thc United 
manent. 
I regret to be obliged to concur with the gen- • 
tleman from Virginia, that no compromise can be that the Government possesses suflicient power States. After theseampleprovisions,giving 
offered Ihat will avert the present evils. This to cocrce obedience, the public mind Will be and Navy, revenue, and power for all neevul 
legislation, it seelRB ßtrange to hear tha.t a great 
morning 'g paperg contain conclusive confirmation . t quieted, plotters ot• disunion wili be regarded as 
