622 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
w-rono• may bc committed against tho Constitu- 
Mr. RUST. I think the gentleman said amo• 
I 
tion, and no power exist to prevent or punish•it. 
ment ago that they were hanged by scores. 
never witnessed or *heard of one being hanged in 
Posterity will wonder W'hether the statesmen of' 
this age wcre• fools or traitors. To take away all 
my St.a te. 
power from the States to weaken or resist the 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 do not 
General Government, the Constitutiön declares 
speak of any particular locality. 
that " no State shah enter into any treaty, alliance, 
Mr. RUST. There are a good many, how- 
confederation ; grant letters of marque 01' repri 
ever, who deserve hanging. 
sai; coin money or ernit bills of credit;" • 
NIr.STEVENS,ofPennsylvania. I know that 
prives them of all hope of foreign succor, of all 
, there were four IVIethodist preachers hancrcd last 
means of raising funds by coinino• tnoney or emit 
year in one State. I sce it stated also that, in the 
ting bills of credit. Such obligations would bc 
State of Maryland, a meeting of citizens recently 
ds worthless as waste paper. 
cave warninff to twelve men, who voted for Lin- 
The Constitution wisely deprives rebcllious 
coln, to leave the place—all except one, whom 
States of the means of doing harm. In the Union, 
they thought to be an out and out, incorrigible 
and with the.Union, they are powerful; out of it, 
Republican; and him they kepte to see whether 
and against it, they are contemptible. They may 
they would hang him or hot. 
Mr. KUNICÉL. The gentleman refers to an 
not be conscious of their weakness until they 
incident which occurred in my own county. 
arise from their fever and find themselves stac- 
Mr. STEVENS, 1 have seen 
gering. But, in all their movements, they will 
it in the papers. 
find the strong arm of thc Constitution reach and 
control them. No respectable authority can be 
Mr. KUNKEL. The incident which the gen- 
found to show the. right of secession. All our 
t.l(-nnen refers to is said to have taken place within 
great statesmen, Washington, Madison, Jeffer- 
eight miles of my re.sidence. I should like to see 
son, Adams, Jackson, Webster, Clay, and Buch- 
the authority for that statement. To my knowl- 
anan, agree that the Constitution is a boud of 
edge, no such thing ever occurred, althouo•h I live 
perfect and perpetual Union; and that no power 
'q.vit.hin eight miles of the locality. 
exists in the Constitution to absolve a State or 
Mr. WINSLOW. Oh, if the gentleman saw 
individual from allegiance to the General Govern- 
it in the newspapers, of course it must be true. 
'I'he only way ill which a State can with- 
T hc newspapers cannot lie. 
men t. 
draw from the Union—in other words, destroy it 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Will the gentle- 
—is by an amendment to the Constitution, or by 
man allow me to interrupt him for a moment? I 
revolution. 
It is not likely that three fourths of 
want to ask him one question. 
I understood him 
the States will so amend the Constitution as to 
to say that the people of the South hung northern 
allow any State to break up lhe Government at 
men by scores. In behalf of Virginia I wish to 
pleasure. The road by revolution lies through a 
say that her people never hung a northern man 
sea of blood, and nothing can justify it but intol- 
except John Brown and his friends; and then 
crablo oppression. That is never 
likely to be 
they hu ox, not by scores, but by law. 
N'lr. S"I'EVENS, of Pennsylvania. You hung 
practiced by a republican Government. 
'In hc pretexts used 10 justify tl'le present In ove- 
them exactly right, sir. 
Mr. II AIiRIS, of Virginia. Yes; they were 
ment are very unimportant; of them ridicu- 
It is said that pool')lc in the North have 
violated compacts in the Constituti01'). 
Mr. S'itEVENS, ofPennsylvania. They were 
exist in all sections. It is impossible to any hung after trial by jury for a crirne for which 
systQin of government perfect enough to prevent 
they deserved death. 
all crime. The northern States arc no exception; 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will gentleman from 
but. believc there arc but {'ew instances in which 
Pennsylvania to say a word here, as he 
of the South have just cause of c.cnnplaint 
to bc passing from the topic of tho unkind 
against the North. 
t.reallnel'kt. of northern persons in the southern 
'l'hcy visit our States and 
cities, whether in pursuit of business or Dleasurc, 
I sh()uld be very unjust, and very 'un- 
with perfect safety. I-ler orators d chi ver lectures I 
grate!'ul to the people arnongr whom I have lived 
and speeches in which they propagate. the doc- 
now for a quarter of a century, if I were to sit bv 
trines of slavery, not only with impunity,but they 
and hear these creneral remarks pass uncontra- 
are listened to with respect and silence. 
dieted. It is a fact known to every onc who lives 
rithey 
exercise critirc liberty of speech, without being 
there, that the South is full of men of northern 
molested either by. ofliccr or mob. 
It is knowl'i that such persons are well and 
I bel icve t.hey ch if.:fly complain' of the nan-execu- 
kindly treated. It is known that lilany southern 
t ion of the fugitive slave law. There have Iren a 
firesides are o•raced with wives of I')orlhcrn birth. 
instances of to that law bv ardent I 
honored, arid arc the mothers of 
individ uals; but I know of no instance ill hie,h 
honored child ren . 
has not fi)llowed the ofl'cu,se. -When- 
It. is true, however, that persons from the North 
ever suit has been brought.. 
are treated at the Sou 111 ; but 
darnatres in their vord ices. indict tncnts have 
in thosc cases their own conduct is generally such 
presen ted, u pon just grounds, con v ic t,ion nnd 
as to this treatment upon themselves. Let 
the gentleman a single instance of this 
son and pu ha ve folio 
. 'I this is 
rno 0' | ve 
all that a peot)le would require. 
kind, which occu in my district. 
not. expect to make us love slavery or withhold 
M r. VEN,S, of 
I am sat- 
the utterance of our 
just abh orrence of' it. 
isiied with thc 
gentleman word, without any 
cannot hope to make the honest rnas•ses of' the 
people adopt the blasphemv of sorne of their cler- 
MT. MAYNARD. 1 the an 
gyrnen, and call it divine nnslitittion. r J_'hey have 
exan-) of a youno• man in a law oiltce, who so 
too much respect for their tem character, aud 
fo 
of life as to assail, in 
their eterni.d sal va.tlon. If rccl'lminatlon v;ere ud- 
opprobrious languao•e, the virtue and reputat:on 
visa ble, I think the list of grievances by soutb- 
of the portion of the conununitv in which 
ern acr:unst nort hern citizens \vould be nuicl) 
he lived. He carried his conduct to such a degree 
of indiscretion that be was at last seized upon by 
For t.wenty years past it has 
more 
E,cen unsafe for northern rnen to travel or settle 
a conipan.y of youn•r and—in common par- 
in the South, unless they would avow their belief i lance—ridden on a rail, and driven from the place. 
that slavery was a oood institution. 
He has brought a suit damages turainst t}' ose 
Every day i 
brings news of unoffi:nding citizens beill(r seized, I 
who so treated him. The suit has not yet been 
bed , 
and fealhercd, and hanged by 
tried; but he will doubtless recover such an 
scores, without any trial by legal tribunals, or atnount of dan'ltvres as the juu•v n-lay think that, 
ev idel')ee of guilt. 
under the circunnstanccs, he deserves. Never, 
iM r. RUST. 
I did hear the gentleman dis- since Sancho Panza was tossed in the blanket, iu 
tinctly. If I understood him, he said that for any part of the world, either north or south, have 
many years it was not safe. for northern men to men been pormit.tcd, with impunity, to outracre 
go into the southern States. 
the and feckings of communities into 
S'I'EVENS, of Pennsylvania. That has which they have obtruded thetnselves unbidden. 
been mv stat(nuel'lt. 
• It is one of the fundamental laws of hospitality, 
r. RUST. 
On what facts is it predicated ? 
that good manners alonc insure to a stranger a 
Mr. S'I*EVENS, of Pennsyivania. On the facts vil treatrnent, 
of the hanrriugs. tarring•s and feather- 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 
I do not 
that northern men have been suojected 10 in 
refur to that of public opinion. 
I refer to 
the SOUtb. 
another topic aitoeether. 
Mr. WEBSTER. ask the gentleman to allow 
me one minute. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 do not 
like to say " no;" but my time is passing rapidly. 
I'vlr. WEBSTER. well, sir, our districts run 
together for some distance, and as the gentleman 
has referped to what he says occurred in Chester 
county h respect to kidnappmg, desire to state 
one or two circumstances which I know to be 
facts. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 
I havc 
stated nothing that I do not.know to be facts. 
Mr. WEBSTER. vvTell, sir, 
the gentleman 
has reterred to certain events which he says hap- 
pened in my district. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have 
no wish to enter upon crimination and recrimina- 
tion. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If 0b- 
ject of the gentleman be recrimination, I cannot 
yield the floor for that purpose. 
Mr. WEBSTER. well, sir, 1 desire only to 
refer to an occurrence which took place in Car- 
lisle, Pennsylvania. • A man from my Stato went 
to Carlisle to reclaim a slave who had fled from 
him, and was murdered in his atternnt to arrest 
his own slave. Another gentleman went from 
Baltimore county, in my district, to the gentle- 
man 's State to reclaim his slave who had escaped, 
and he was murdered at Christiana while endeav- 
orinrr to efll±ct the reclarnation; and no man in 
either case was ever brought to justice for the. act. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 know 
something aboilt that myself; but I do not see the 
necessity of bringing it in here. 
Mr. WEBSTÉR. The gentleman should not 
make charges against the people of Maryland, if 
he does not expect a reply. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 
I have not 
madc any charges Llmt are not true. The fact to 
which the gentleman now refers, is silnply that a 
man from Maryland came into Pennsylvania to 
reclaim his slave, and in at.tempting to carry out 
that purpose, his own slave took his life. 
Mr. WEBSTER. 'There was great crowd 
of persons aidincr and abetting. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir; 
there ',vere only two white persons present, the 
rest were negroes. 
IVIt•. WEBSTER. It was shown before the 
court, that there was a great crowd of white men 
and ncgt•oes, all tocether there. 
Mr. JUNKIN. No, sir; 
no white man had 
any hand in the matter. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The rights 
of conscience and freedom of speech are forbidden 
to northern men. They are not allowed to re- 
ceive or read documents which deny .the justice 
of slavery. A citizen of Virginia, at the late elec- 
tion, voted for the man of his choice, IN,'Ir. Lin- 
coln, and was seized in broad daylirrht, in the 
midst of the respectable people of the place, his 
face blacked, and he expelled from his home. 
Sir, the South, at this moment, is a hideous des- 
pot-ism, so far as northern citizens are concerned. 
T heir courts are inaccessible to secure redress. 
T bo slnve trade is openly justified. When a sla- 
ving pirate is sent them for trial, with the fullest 
proof of guilt, the bills are either icrnored or juries 
acquit. 
I have ornitted the real agcrrcssion which one 
I of the States frankly assigns as the reason ofseccs- 
North has taken from them the power 
of the Governnlent, which they have held so long. 
According to the strictest forms and principles of 
tbe Constitution, they have clccted thc man of 
their choice President of the United States. No 
violence was used; no malpractice is charged; but 
the American people dared to disobey the com- 
mands of slavery; and this is proclaimed as just 
cause of secession and civil war. Sir, has it come 
to this? Canr:ot the people of the United States 
choose whom they please President, without stir- 
ring up rebellion, and requiring humiliation, con- 
cessions, arid cornpromises to appease the insur- 
gents? Sir, I would take no steps to propitiate 
such a feeling. Rather than show repen tauce for 
the election of Mr. Lincoln, with all its conse- 
quenees, I would see this Government crumble 
intoa thousand atoms. If I cannot be a freeman, 
let mc cease to exist. 
The committee of thirty-three have shown their 
esthnate of the maonitude of southern grievances 
by a most delicate piece of satire. As a cure 
for their wrongs, and to seduce back rebell_ious 
