1861. 
TliE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
*623 
States, they offer. to admit as a State about two 
hundred and fifty thousand square rniles of vol- 
canic desert, with less than a thousand white An- 
glo-Saxon inhabitants, and some forty or fifty 
thousand Indians, Mustees, and Mexicans, who 
do not ask adnaission, and who have shown their 
capacity for self-government by the infamous slave 
code which they have passed, which establishes 
the most cruel kind of black and white slavery 
To bc sure, the distinguished chairman of that 
committee [NIr. C0RwiN] seems to have become 
enamored of peonao•e. He looks upon it as a be- 
ncvolent institution, which saves tho poor man 's 
cow to furnish milk for his children, by sellin«y 
the father instead of the cow. 
Mr. OTERO. Will the gentleman allow me to 
explain that peon law? 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Certainly; 
if it does not come out of my time. 
Mr. OTERO. got the law here. 
Mr. S'rßVL'NS, of Pennsylvania. Ah, the 
gcntlernarl is going to make argument. 
Mr. OTERO. Oh, no; Iam only going to refer 
to thé law. I have here the law to which, I pre- 
sume, the gentleman has reference. 
It is the one 
which was attelnptcd to be repealed by the bill of 
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. BINGHAM] 
session. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The same 
one. 
Mr. OTERO. I want to havc this portion of 
the law read. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
No court of this 'l'crrftory shall have jurisd{ction, nor 
shall take cotrnizance of any cause for the parental correc- . 
tion that masters may give their servants fin neglect of their 
duties as servants, tor they are considered as (ii)lnestäc serv- 
ants to their masters, and they should their neglects 
and faults; for as soldiers arc punished by tileir chiefs 
without the intervention o? the civil authority , by reason o f 
the salary Chey , an equal rioht should be granted those 
-persons who pay their Eiloaey to be served ill the 
oc their property: Provided, that such eon•ection shali not 
be iriflicted in [L cruel nnanner with clubs or stripes." 
rental reprinut,nd that masters may give their ser- 
varit.s neglect of their duties as servants. That 
I is the correct translation, and such is the mean- 
ing of the words " rcconvenciones familiares." 
STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. Then take 
it for granted that slavery in Now Mexico means 
nothing more than parental admonition. [Laugh- 
T hc secession and rebellion of the South have 
been inculcated as a doctrine for twenty years 
past among slaveholding communities. At one 
time the ta-riffwas deemed a sufficient cause; then 
the exclusion of slavcry from free Territories; 
then some violations of the fucritiver slave law. 
Now the culminating cause is the election of a 
President who does not believe in benefits of 
slavery, or approve of that great missionary en- 
terprise, the slave trade. The truth is, all these 
things are mere pretenses. The restless spirits of 
the South desire to have a slave empire, and they 
use these things as excuses. Some of them desire 
a Inore briiliant and stroneer government than a 
Republic. Tl'heil' domestic institutions, and the so- 
Cial inequality of their free people, naturally pre- 
parc them for a monarchy surrounded by a lordly 
for a throne founded on the neck of 
rl'he men r)oxv on the stage of action must de- 
term ine whether 
they have couraæe enough to 
maintain the irjstitutions which their fathers crave 
i them. 
r Illiis is a great responsibility, but in my judg- 
I Would certainly not 
ment not a difficult one. 
I advise the shedding of A inen•ican blood, except as 
If ii should bccotne necessary, i 
a last resort. 
sco no difficulty, With L he 01'dLnary forccs of the 
United States, to dissipate the rebels, whether of 
bioh cn• low (_le•rroe. 
Eut before a resort to arms, the ordinary tribu- 
nais of the country should be tried. There are 
laws ao•ainst treason, ispris•ion of treason, mur- 
der, and sediti0i) . 
citizens will inquire, 
pleasant position. But if iffshould- be-impossible, 
as it may be, to execute the crimihål in -the 
midst of an infected popula!.ion, think there are 
other means which will prove effbct.ual. 
South Carolina (and when speak of South 
Carolina,' I mean to include under that name 
seceding States, to avoid prolixity, and thus What 
I say of her shall apply td- all that have Seceded or 
may secede) has, with others, declared herself-out 
of' the Union; and no doubt fancies that she is-so. 
What ought to be done? Send no armies tlicre 
to wtve civil war, us alarmists pretend. -The 
General Government should annul ail postal laws 
within her Territory, and stop the mails at •the 
line of the State. Who will suffer hy that-; For 
tbc last year, the revenue derived from post'age in 
South Carolina was $107,596; the expnnse of tra ns- 
portation $319,068; leaving a deficit of #211 532 
to be paid by thc Government. "I'his saving.co•nld 
be borne by the United States. How it wi•fi afféct 
South Carolina, her citizens will soon discover.. 
There are but a few other Federal laws which 
it will be important to enforce. 
'I'hc regulations 
of commerce and the collection of the revenue by 
the General Government is the strong whick 
will hold the Union together and punish refrac- 
tory members without bloodshed. Tho reve- 
nue collected at Charleston for thc last fiscal year 
is $379,875 97; the expense of eoflcction was 
#70,542 97; leaving a not surplus of $309,333. 
I Let the revenue Itués be executed, and the money 
paid into the Treasury; it will help to pay the 
expenses caused by the refractory mcrnbcr, 
leave the new emnire to direct taxation to sup- 
port their great burden. 
I-low long the people 
will submit to this cannot be told to a mathemati- 
cal certainty. Not lonR, 
i predict. 
But it may be that this mixed emph•e, consist- 
ing of a little over onc third wl'litcs, and a:little 
less than two thirds colored persons, may at tempt 
to collect the revenue within the district of South 
Carolina. rrhis, of course, would be a direct vio- 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, no; 
the punishment, as understand, is to be inflicted these criiiies? 
Shall we not finally be overtaken 
armed resistance. 
If the present 
i Dare we violate these laws? Darc we commit I lation of the Constitution, and would justify 
with cat-o '-n ine-tails. [Laugh ter.] 
Mr. OTERO. hope the gcntlcman will act 
fairly in presenting this case. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is a 
clause in the which provides that anybody 
can take up a servant if he is found out after dark, 
and have him lashed thirty-nine times on the bare 
backe 
Mr. OTERO. Is that in this law? 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Yes. 
Mr. OTERO. 'l"he gentleman may read the 
entire law, and he will not find it. 
Mr. STEVEfiS, of Pennsylvania. It is in the 
laws of New Mexico. 
Mr. OTERO. These are the laws of New 
Mexico. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 do not 
know whether that is in your edition. 
Mt. OTERO. to make explanation 
of this subject just here, and at this time. 
law is translated fropa the Spanish, it having been 
originally introduced and passed in that language. 
I want to read now tlue Spanish version of it. 
[Laughter.] hope this matter will not be treated 
with levity. 'Ilhe term in the opioinal law is so 
by venoeancc? 
had d0iie its duty tllere would I'lavo been no neces- 
I do not say that a Stat,c can commit treason. 
sit y for shcdding blood. YVithin tbc collection 
Corporations cannot bo hanged. But if a State I district Of South Carolina the Government had 
pass treasonable acts, and individuals attempt to soveral formidable. forts. 
Had they been prop- 
exccutc them, and thus cmne in armed collision 
erly garrisoned and supplie(l when it bccarne cvi- 
with the Governmel)t, they will be euilty of trea- dent that South Carolina would secede and seize 
I them, they could have been impreænable. No 
son, and the State enactments wi*l be no shield, 
ships could entcr harbor of ChaFlc.ston with- 
for they will nullities. 
I am aw-are that the most guilty would be tho out the consent of those vy'ho held those forts. 
most likely to escape the proper punishment. The revenues miffht -l'\ave been collected any- 
where in the harbor or district.. If nccessarv, an 
' Ilhe legislators decreed the conflict and or- 
dered the rebcllion would not bc apt to be present armed vessel or two might have bccn stationed 
i there, and the revenue laws would ha•ve been easily 
at tbc c»vei't act. The civilians would be ih coun- 
the so}diers in hattle. 'I' he passing seditious 
enforced. 
laws and ordering others to execute then'i One fort still remains to us there, with less than 
—although moral treason and misprision of trea- one eighth of thc proper garrison, or provisions, 
son—is not, in m v illdgment, treason. " Treason or munitions of war. 
I know it has been suggested that the President 
against the Uri ited States consists on} v in levying 
intentionally left those fbrts in a detisnselcss con- 
acainst them, or in adherino• to their enenne,s, 
dition, that 'South Carolina might seize them be- 
srivii'& thern aid and comfort. ' 
In England, 
E ; even aft-cr her great conservativc act, the statute fore his successor had time to take means for lhOiL' 
safety. Fcannot bring myself to bcficvc it; 1 wilk 
of treason, 
it was not necessary to be present 
at the overt act, or so near as to bc able to give not believe it; for it would make *Mr. Buchanan a 
Inore odious traitor than Benedict Arnold. Every 
physical aid. Conspirintr, plotting, and counsel- 
incr others to do the act, although at a distance, drop of blood that shall bc shod in the conflict 
in its significance, and so foreibke, that it madc them principals in [reason; for by the com- would sit heavy on his .soa! forever. The charge 
those who encouraged, advised, or secrus to reccivc somc countenance from the Pact 
will even attract the attention of the gentleman mon law, 
that. but a handful of men are in the remainino• 
contrived the act, or who gave aid to the fi±lon 
hilnself, not\.vithstanding it is in the Spanish lan- 
guage. T Ile translation of the act, as read, is en- t after the act, were accessories in {élonics; l)l.lt as fort, without any efli-•ctual attempt to reinforce 
whiic the rebcls are inclosing 'hern with 
iirely incorrect. The word " correction" should there could be no accessories in treason, the corn- 
as it is rnon law converted such as would have been acces- formidable works, and openly declare thc inten- 
be qualified by the adjective parental," 
tion to take it. An effort was mado to send 
sories in felonies into principals in treason. Butwc 
in the original Spanish. The law would then 
have no connnon lawr•, and those only ate traitors and provisions there, it is true. Bat. our flag was 
read, that no court in the Territory should have 
insulted, and the unarmed vessel driven off; and 
jurisdiction nor coo-nizance of any cause for the who potentially con:nnittcd the overt act. Under 
that a master rnay givo to our Constitution there IS neither constructive nor no effort has been made to avenge the insult. Tame, 
parental correction 
spiritless Administration! Were the traitor Floyd 
is not I accessorial treason. 
his servant. Now the word correction 
am aware that a judge of the district court of I still at the head of the could 
even the term used in the original law, as passed 
It looks as if those few sol(.liers 
the United States in Pennsylvania laid down a understand it. 
by the Legislature. The terms used in the act 
are " reconce•ncionesjümiliares," which do not even I different doctrine, in a clrm•ge to the grand jury. were predestined victims. 
I have fu!l confidence 
"Che correct transla- Hc held that those abolition lecturers who incited I that the gallant officer in c.omnuu)d will success- 
moan parental correction. 
fully defend thc stars and stripes, or gloriously 
tion of these words is, a familiar or parental re- slaves to escape would be guilty of any treason 
descend, with his last soldier, to his gory bed. 
primand," svhich everybody will adl'Hit is a very which anywhere Irvas perpetrated by armed resist.- 
at-Ice to thc fugitive slave law. Eut I think hc If they should be sacrificed, how wretched inust 
mild correction indeed. And again, the proviso 
said it in iznorancb of the law. I do not think that il be the miserable man who permits it! Tho fires 
of the law positively forbids that such correction 
shall be il)flicted in a crucl manner with clubs and even the northern men who encourage the South of remorse will forever barn in his bosom as 
in rebellion can be made criminally guilty of the fiercely as thc.infernal fires of Phlegethon ! 
stripes. Now, they cannot bc shut up in a room 
or dcprivcd of food, for that would be considered ti treasonable conflict which they stimulate. I should According to my view, as our operations in 
cruel. All that t110 law• says, when correctly trans- regret to see the respectable members of the late 'E coercion will be by sea, blood need not be shed• 
no court shall have jurisdiction, Union inectingin Philadelphia (including a learned it should be, on the heads of the malefaccors 
Fated, is, that 
j of the supreme court) placed in that un- 
nor shali take ('0(rnizance of anv cause for the pae 
