624 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29. 
Will South Carolina atternpt to build a fleet to find a city of refuge. Our neighboring slave em- even seem to cease to be a virtue, and that if the 
drive off our Navy? She has neither money nor Pire must consider how it will affect their peculiar 
crisis should come, I would endeavor to discharge 
y.edit to buy one. Let us exarnine her capacity Institution. They will besurrounded by freedom, my duty to the whole country, and especially to 
for ship-building. When high-swelling words are with thc civilized. world scowling upon them. 
that section where my fortunes had fallen and 
used, it is well to look at the size of the animal i 
Much as I dislike the responsibility and rc- 
where my destinies were fixed. 
that cmits them. There have been such things proach of slavery, I recoil from such a remedy. I 
In redemption of that pledge, set out with the 
as " mighty voices, and nothing clse." 
I know Let us be patient, faithful to all constitutional determination that I would exert ull my power to 
that some small States have a large capacity for • enoao•ements, and await the time of •the Disposer 
ship-building, 
like 'I' yt•c, Venice, Holland, or of events. Let us not destroy this grand fabric 
England. In 1859 Maine built about forty thou- 
of freedom, which, when once dissolved, will 
sand tons of registered vessels. Even Vermont, 
q never be rebuilt. Let there be no blood shed until 
who from none of her highest Inountains can see 
the last moment; but let no cowardly counsels 
the ocean V'ith a spy-glass, built for tonnage I unnerve the people; and then, at last, if needs be, 
one hundred and nineteen tons. The same year let every one be ready to gird on his armor, and 
South Carolina built sixty-four tons! This fleet, 
I learn from the reurister, consisted of a small 
steamer and a canal boat! So of the other rebel 
lious States. 
But she proposes to enter into treaty stipula- 
tions with Europe, and, by granting frec trade, 
attract the direct trade of commercial nations. But 
she cannot do that without a direct violation of 
the Constitution. " No State shall enter into any 
treat.y, alliance," &c. Although she may disre- 
gard that provision, being in rebellion, yet no 
foreign nation, being l.varned that it is a violation 
of the supreme law of the nation, will venture to 
negotiate. Her embassadors will not be received 
ilia single Court in Europe—it would be just cause 
of war. Nor can she negotiate with n State. The 
Constitution is careful to prohibit treaties with 
foreign nations; and it adds: Alliance or con- 
federation." She could not confederate, even with 
the independent, free trading island of Manhattan. 
If the revenue could not be thus collected, and 
smug%ling preventcd, the Government should 
abolis all laws establishing ports of entry and 
collection districts within the seceding States, and 
prevent all vessels, foreign or domestic, froni en- 
tcring or leavin(" any of their ports. 
How will 
she send her cotton and other surplus n•oducts 
abroad? She cannot load n vessel in own 
harbors, for therc are no national officers to give 
! do his duty. 
Sir, I ann reminded that this is not the language 
of Pennsylvania, us represented by the united 
'i voice of' her two Senators. I know It is not. But 
I do not believe that either of them represented 
the principles ot' any considerable portion of the 
people of' that State. While Pennsylvania would 
go, as I would, to the verge of the Constitution 
and of principles, to maintain peace, I believe 
i it is a libel on the good natne of her virtuous peo- 
I ple, to say that shc would sacrifice her principles 
to obtain the favor of rebels. 
I believe it to be a 
libel on her manhood to say that she. will pur- 
chase peace by unprincipled concessions to insur- 
gents with arms in their hands. If thought such 
was her character, I would expatriate myself. I 
would leave the land where I have spent my life 
from early manhood to age, and would 
seek some spot untainted by the coward breath 
of servility and meanness. 'l'o her pleasant val- 
leys I '•.vould pref7n• the rugged, bold State of my 
nativity; nay, any spot in the most barren Arc- 
I tic amid whose pure icicles dwells manly 
freed 0m. 
AL the close •of Mr. STEVENS's hour, 
Mr. GROW said: I nu)ve that the time o? rny 
colleague be extended to the cxtent of the time 
occupied by the interruptions of his speech. 
Mr. RURNF'IXT. lobject. The same request 
her a clearance. 
rl'he vessel would be without was n'lade the other day iih favor of the gentleman 
papers, without nationality, and a prize to the fron') Virginia, [Mr. LEAKE,] and it. was objected 
first captors. How forlorn tnust be her condition ! 
to by gentlemen on the other side. 
I want the 
Without commerce, without industry, her sea- 
rule to operate alike upon all. 
ports wouid be barren wastes. With a flag 
Mr. GROYV. If the gentleman from Kentucky 
nizc(l by no civilized nation; with no vessel eri- 
I will listen to an explanation, I anl sure he will 
tering her ports, except now and thon a low black 
schoonerscudding in from the ri ver Congo ; wi 111 no 
ally or sympathizer cxccpt the King of Dahomey. 
If these States will have war, who is to protect 
them against lhcil' own dcnnest.ic foes? They 
now tremble when a unadman and a score of fol- 
lowers invade thein. If a citizen (lechu•e his oppo- 
sition to slavery, they hang him; and declare, as 
a justification, that it is necessary for their pcr- 
sonal sufety; because they say t.hey are standing 
on the thin crust of a ragil')g volcano, which the 
least jar will crack, and plut'lgo them in. 
How, 
then, will it withstand the booming of cannon 
and the clash of arms ? 
Sir, the attetnpt of one or more of these cotton 
Statcs to force this Government to dissolve the 
Union is absurd. Those who counsel Rhe Gov- 
withdraw his objection. 
It was agreed tilt-IL In y 
colleague should not have the titne occupied by 
interruptions counted in his hour. 
Mr. BURNETT. Up to the denial of the 
quest made in behalf of the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia, leave had been granted to gentlemen on both 
sides of the House to finish their remarks, when 
they could not so in their hour, by the neces- 
sary extension of time. 
But the gentleman from 
Virginia, after he had been ii)terrupled by a large 
nuunber• of the 
members on the other Side, was 
denied the privilege which had before been ac- 
corded to all other gentlemen who had occupied 
the floor. 
1-10 was not perrnitted to conclude his 
remarks; and i now feel it to be my duty to per- 
sist in my objection. 
I li:lr. BOCÖCK. I think that the gentleman 
crnment to let them •ro, and destroy the national 
frorn Kentucky is mistaken; and that my col- 
Union, arc preaching moral treason. 
I can un- 
league, was aliowed some twenty minutes for the 
(lcrstand such doctrine from those who conscien- 
interruptions of his speecl-l. 
Mr. BURNETT. If it be the pleasure of the 
tiously dislike a partnership in slavcholding,— 
who desire to see this etnpire severed along the 
I-louse, I withdraw my objection. 
black line, so that they could live in a free Rc- Mr. BO'I"ELER. I renew it. 
peal to bc allowed to explain a vote I was about 
Let slave State flatter itself that it can 
to give and the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
dissolve thc Union now and then reconstruct it objected to me. 
on better terms. The present Constitution was 
'Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland , obtained the floor. 
formed in our weakness. Some of its compromises 
Mr. CARE Y. As much c nfusion is created 
were odious, and havc become more so by the by interruptions of gentleme 
upon the floor, I 
unexpected increase of slaves, who were expected give notice that I will obje to any such inter- 
effect such suitable settlements that the Union 
might be preserved, harmony restored, our insti- 
tutions strengthened and perpetuated, and the 
slaveholding States reconciled to the coritinuancc 
of a Union which was fast losing its hold upon 
their affections. 
I was not indifferent to the Union of these 
States; nay, to preserve it was, with me, a labor 
f of love. But, in my judgment, no patched-up 
compromise, no alleviating and palliating remedy 
was either just or prudent; nor did I subscribe to 
the dogma of its preservation at all hazards. A 
Union which did not effectually provide for the 
conunon defense and the general welfare, which 
did notestablish peace and procure domestic tran- 
qnillit.y, I would have nono of. 
I have nothing with which to reproach myself; 
nothing with which to reproach my State, as to 
fomenting the acritation of the slavery question, 
either in its inception or in its continuance. Re- 
luctant, originally, to cntcr ipt.o this confrdera- 
tion with you—from the fears of her statesmen as 
to its consequences, which have sadly been real- 
izcd—when she did come; she came wit-h loyal 
purposes to adhere to her obligations; and true 
as the steel embosomed in her lofty mountains, 
she has performed those duties with adrnitted 
fidelity. She will take, in this crisis, the course 
which her honor and her interest and her obli- 
gation to other States justify; and it' she leaves 
you now, it will be with no spasmodic passion, 
but with that coolness, delay, and deliberation— 
her natural characteristics—which have, will) flip- 
pant witlings, been mistaken for apathy and ill- 
sensibility. She will tell you ere she goes; like 
the serpent that emblazoned her colonial flag, she 
will warn you ere she strikes. 
Duripo• In y service in Congress, now rapidly 
drawing to the close ofa third term, I have never 
addressed you—no colleague of mine has ever ad- 
dressed you—on the exciting subject of slavery. 
Perfectly satisfied ourselves with •the morality of 
sla very, its lawfulness and expediency, regarding 
it in no light whatever as a moral, social, 01' po- 
litical eviF, looking upon it as, if not an essential, at 
least a desirable feature in a Government founded 
upon univcrsal suffrage, we needed no discussion 
to confirm our judgment or our opinions; nor 
were we disposed to become propagandists of that 
or any other system among our neighbors. We 
looked upon ourselves as trustees, undera higher 
power; into our hands, certainly by no direct 
twency of ours, had been confided the care and 
nurlure and Christianizing ofa heathen and an im- 
provident race, fitted only for compulsory labor; 
we had no right to thrust from us that charge, 
. or to cry craven and refuse its administration. 
How we have performed that duty, their vast in- 
crease in number—an increase which, according 
to the well known laws which govern population , 
incontestably proves them to have been well fed, 
well clothed, humanely. worked, and well cared 
for—sufficiently testifies. 
Your fathers violently tore them from thGir ha- 
tive homes, the bush and the lagoons of that in- 
hospitable clime upon whose soil the sun never 
ceases to pour down his direct and burning rays, 
and transferred then-I, for a pecuniary considera- 
tion, to our fathers. We have nurtured and cared 
for them. We found them idolaters; we taught 
them the benign religion of the meek and lowly 
peasant of Palestine. We have so ameliorated 
soon to run out. But now, ill our strerwth, the con- ruptions hereafter. 
their condition that no laboring population of any 
science of the North would not allow them to 
Mr. IIA.RIUS, of Mar 
enter iiito such partnership with slaveholding. If the I-louse. 
this Union should be dissolved, its reconstruction the Appendix.] 
would embrace one empire wholly slaveholding, Mr. TYVINSLOW. 
addressed II part of the world cotnpares with them in point of 
will be published in i comfort. They have alike shared our good and 
adverse fortunes. When Providence smiled upon 
hen I took service upon us, and wealth accumulated, they have partaken 
and one republic wholly free. While we will 
the committee of' the States, to which position you of its benefits, and in periods of distress they have 
religiously observe the present compact, nor at- 
had kindly assigned Ine, I confess I did so with but I cheerfully submitted to like sacrifices as ourseives. 
tempt to be absolved from it, yet if it should be 
hope thaf. its efforts would avail to the res- You have been paflicipants in the fruit of their 
torn to pieces by rebels, our next United States toration of peace and concord acnong our people. labors. It drives the loorns of Lowell, and estab- 
w iM contain no foot of ground on which a slave 
I had said, in my place in the TI'hirty-Fourth 
lishes the manufactures of Lynn and Natick. 
can tread, no breath of air which a sla.ve can Congress, looking at the then existino condition i furnishes the carooes of your shipping, and sup- 
breathe. Then we cau boast of liberty. Then il of things, and painfully apprehensive of the very i ports your trade. in all parts of the seas. Gradu- 
we can rjse and expand to the full stature of un- 
consequences that now threaten the country, that ally, as they were elevated in intellect, our law has 
trarn meled freenuzn , hope for God 's blessincys. 
touching what I deemed the wron&s to my sec- been modified, and moderated in its relations to- 
'l'hen the bond:nen 
who break- their chains will 
{ion, I would forbear until tbrbeurancc itself would wards then-I, aud its broad shield has been thrown 
