THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D; C. 
THIRTY-SIXTYI CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
before them for their protection. If their priv- 
ileges .have been at any time curtailed, that has 
been the consequence of your own mad fanaticism , 
which sought with a falseand sickly philanthropy 
to interfere with institutions about which you 
knew nothing, and would inquire into, from no 
higher sources than the catch-penny productions 
of renegades from our country, who sought to 
play upon your prejudices, to their own aggran- 
dizements. The miserable vipers who drew their 
existence from our soil, and sought to sting their 
benefactors, you took instantly to your bosom, 
forgetting that the wretch who was false to the 
land of his birth could never be true to that of 
his adoption. Or if you advanced a step further, 
for higher sources, you found them in the senti- 
mental productions of you t strong-minded women , 
who, rashly abandoning the proper sphere of their 
sex, and rudely seizing the habiliments of the 
other, undertook to instruct their superiors in 
matters of polity and economy. 
We cared not then, at •any time, to open that 
subject before you; though we felt conscious, and 
so repeatedly warned you, that your interference 
with our rights; your denial of our constitutional 
privileges; your offensive assaults upon us; your 
failure to respond to your constitutional obliga- 
lions; your assertion of the doctrines of a higher 
law and an irrepressible conflict; the vv'icked and 
inflammatory appeals to your passions by your 
leaders; your provocation to our slaves to rebel 
against us; your approbation of the armed foray 
in the State of Virginia; your denial of our equal- 
icy in the Territories; your thweats to reorganize 
the supreme judicial tribunal, so as to mecl your 
views and opinions; your declared purpose to 
interfere with the future status of our peculiar in- 
stitution, as foreshadowed by the repeated decla- 
rations of the great Corypheus of your party, 
who, .if report speaks truly, is to shape for the 
next four years its policy, would finally result in 
disruption of the Union. You would not heed 
us. One by one the ligaments of the Union have 
been snapping asunder; but you turned a deaf ear 
to the ominous sounds. One by one those sym- 
pathies and attachments which sprang from the 
remembrance of past trials and common sorrows 
and sufferings, from the recollection of past glo- 
pies and triumphs, have faHen off and been fbr- 
gotten, like the leaves of the oak in your forest 
resiffning themselves to the winds of Heaven ; but 
you failed to see it. Having eyes you would not 
see, and having ears you would not hear. 
At last your efforts culminated to a point be- 
yond toleration. By your denial to us of equality 
in the Territories, you sought to reduce us to the 
conditi0B of a degraded people; and presenting 
before the country a ticket strictly sectional, avail- 
ing yourselves of unhappy differences, you sue- 
ceeded in establishing an Administration, a sub- 
mission to which, without further øuarantecs, 
would leave us a conquered people, under foreign 
domination. 
You threatened us with copstitutional modes by 
which you could, and hereafter meant to, extin- 
guish slavery—a system which had in the mean 
time become so interlocked and interwoven with 
our institutions that the destruction of the para- 
site would bc death to the tree it clings to. 
It was in vain to say that tho ends and aims of 
the Republican party were directed to the over- 
throw of the great Democratic party, which had 
so long wielded the power of the Government. 
You were tendered, by the other great party op- 
posed to you, a ticket headed by constitutional 
statesmen, in wh ose patriotism vou professed con- 
fidence. Amid all this, we asköd for nothing, no 
concession, butour rights: " The ConsLilulion and 
the equality of the States; the symbols of ever- 
lasting union.' 
Thc time bad come when we were called upon 
to speak right out, and in view of threatened dan- 
gers to provide new guards for our future safety. 
Under these circumstances it was we met you 
at the assembling of the Congress; under those, 
circumstances that a member from V iH1inia took 
the initiative in pr.opo.sing a peace conference, and 
THURSDAY, JANUARY 31, 1861. 
that southern members Consented to meet. you in 
a committee of the Stales, to take counsel to- 
gether of the common perils and the appropriate 
remedies. You may judge of our astonishment 
when, at the very first day of the meeting of that 
committee, silenee was broken by a northern mem- 
ber, representing a large and populous district, 
with professions of utter ignorance of the exist- 
ence of any causes of complaint, and with the 
mild requést that southern gentlemen would be 
kind enough to furnish a bill of particulars. 
Meeting that committee in a spirit of frankness, 
determined to speak right out on the diffcultques- 
tions which embarrassed the country, -we could 
not but be astonished at what we looked upon as 
a species of diplomacy out of place, in bad tastc, 
and ill suited to the momentous occasion. 
It did not at all provoke. a like conduct on our 
part; but •at once declaring tl'hat we looked upon 
the territorial policy as the question of perplex- 
ity, and that, if that were properly adjusted, we 
thought minor matters would arrange themselves, 
we proposed, through the member from Arkan- 
sas, a proposition of adjustment which, while a 
large concession on our part, svas one the North 
might accede to with honor, and the pride of all 
sections be saved. 
It was gratifying t.o find that the venerable and 
distinguished Senator from Kentucky had, in the 
series of resolutions offered by him in the Senate, 
fallen upon the same plan of adjustment. It was 
especially gratifying to find thal the sentiment of 
the whole country rapidly concentrated upon it. 
It was proposed in comrmttee on the 10th day of 
December. Although, we pressed a vote upon it; 
although we urged the rapid approximation of the 
crisis upon the country, and declared that thc 
anxiety and solicitudo of our constituents were 
great and urgent, and that, for many reasons, it 
was desirable to have upon it speedy action, for 
•—1 will not say pretext or prc- 
some cause or Othm 
tense—day after' day dragged their weary length 
along ; the time of the cotnmittec, precious as it was, 
was consumed in tho discussion of abstract prop- 
ositions, or in the arrano•ement of another matter, 
about which there was no insuperable difference of 
opinion. It was not until the 271b day of Decem- 
ber that a vote was forced upon it, resulting in 
the negativing of the proposition by the unani- 
mous voices of the Republican members. 
Sir, deemed this a great conccssron of our 
legal and constitutional rights. Under the decision 
of the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott case, we 
were assured of our right to take our slaves into 
all of tl'le common territory of the States. We 
proposed to surrender that right above the par- 
allel of 360 30' by an absolute constitutional pro- 
hibition, reserving only protection to our property 
below—such protection as would be afforded to 
yours, and that, too, in a section in which you 
yourselves thought the insti tution of slavery could 
never obtain a permanent footing. You say this 
was no concession, for that slavery, by the law 
of nature and of climate, could never exist above 
that pårallel. Be it so. Why, thcn, refuse acon- 
cession, if you choose so to call it, or if we choose 
so to call it, that could never, according to your 
own declared opinions, contribute to that state of 
things which you so much deprecate—the exten- 
Sion of the area of slavery? Would you refuse to 
I heal the wounds from which the bod y-politic now 
suffers? Would you refuse to maintain the Union, 
to which you sing daily peans? Would you refuse 
to your brethren of the South, mad, insane, and 
excited as you deem thern, thc poor pittqnceof an 
abstraction which might soothe them into quiet? 
Not so. You are eminently a practical people. 
The cause lies deeper thun that. 
On the other hand, you say slavery can novcr 
"0 to New Mexico, and that we stand upon an 
abstraction. But consider. We maintain our right. 
It is a fancied or real 
to carrv our slaves thcrc. 
right. the former, you admit it can do you no 
NEW .40* 
yours, would reduce us to the.condiiiOn Of 
graded people, and worka forféitui•em of*öi.ir6wn 
self-respect. Nay, rtf0 make this proposition less 
distasteful to you, we consulted you* 
and proposed to clothe the amendment to the Con- 
stitution in the language that the instrument •now 
uses. This view of it was forcibly pressed upon 
you by the distinguished gentleman,- fröm Vii•- 
ginia, but without avail. 
It shared the like fate 
with the orginal, proposition. 
I may add, Mr. Speaker, before passing away 
from the subject of the action of the committee, 
that, failing In the proposition of Mr. RUST, and 
successively in _those of the patriotic member from 
Tennessee [Mr. NELSON} ahd of Mr. CRITTEN- 
DEN, all the southern members,. with a Single:ex• 
ception, sustained the movement of the member 
from California [Mr. BURCH] for calling a Coh- 
vention of the States. 
It met no favorfrom the 
Republican members; but, on the other hand, 
after an incubation of some six weeks, the con- 
sultations of the committee ushered into existence 
this miserable abortion which you are now con- 
sidering. I may safely say that perhaps no single 
proposition received the majority vote of f,hc com. 
mittec; and, strancre to say, a motion to recommend 
the series to the House for adoption signally failed. 
Upon the whole, when these proceedings come 
to be reviewed hereafter, it Will be pronounced 
that every fair, liberal, aid enlarged concession 
had been tendered by southern Representatives, 
not one of which was met in a corresponding spirit 
of liberality. 
The Republican members declared their settled 
purpose to refuse any adjustment or this question 
by constitutional amendment, and sonie wondet 
was expressed at our persistence in demanding 
that mode. Could we do otherwise, when we re- 
membered that the Dred Scott decision was held 
not to be law by you? And that from high quar- 
ters, there had been announced in high places the 
determination to seize available opportunities to 
reorganize the Saprcme Court, so as to secure a 
reversal of its judgments and restrictions. Besides, 
our constituents demanded, and rightly demanded , 
a settlement, final, förevcr, and irreversible, of 
this vexed question ; one that would remove it from 
the halls of this Capitol, and from Che political 
arena, to the end that peace hereafter might reign 
within our borders. 
To the objection urged, that the resolutions of 
amendment professed to cover not only the pres- 
ent, but all future acquisitions, it was offered on 
our part to accompany it with the prohibition of 
any future acquisition, unless by treaty confirmed 
by a two-thirdé vote in both Houses of Cöngi•ess. 
As the northern section of the Union has in both 
branches a decidcd and rapidly increasing pre- 
ponderancy, that subject necessarily, for all time , 
would be under your control. 
But you proposed the erection of all the terri- 
tory into two States. Without stopping to show 
that as an original proposition, totally discon- 
nected with thepolitical question, expediency and 
justice to the great States shotild forbid the intro- 
duction of anew State with a population of ninety- 
two thousand, and an area of more than three 
hundred thousand squarc miles, its in'habitants 
generally ignorant of' our laws and our language, 
upon an equal footing with them, it sufficient 
to say that the proposition, in the opinion of a 
majority of the southern members, was wholly 
inadmissible. There arc about a score of slaves 
in New Mexico. You had no assurance that she 
would make a constitution recognizing slavery, 
much less could you impose such constitution 
upon her. You called upon us to surrender our 
riffht to the whole of the Territories, upon the 
I barren condition of permitting, byea fresh enact- 
mcnt, New Mexico to do that which, by her or- 
crnnic law, you already assured to her; and the 
security to us for the concession we -werc called 
upon to make, was the bare possibility that. she 
harm; cannqt affect your policy effect ours. If might, by her constitution, permit that 10 be done, 
real, then the deprivation o? it is to us a great against which you declared nature and climate 
wrong; and, according to our notions, the surren- aud sail and circamstances had prohounced. 
der of it on our paltt, and the prohibition of it upon Believing the question of equality in 'the Terri- 
