1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
029 
who is entitled to the floor, yields it, it is compe- 
tent for any member to move an adjournment. 
Mr. SICKLES. If my colleague yields the 
floor, docs he not yield it absolutely? 
The SPEAKERprotempore. The Chairunder- 
stands that it has been the practice of the House for 
gentlemen to yield t.he floor for motions to adjourn. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 was told. yesterday that, if I 
yielded the floor to the gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania, [Mr. GRow,l I must yield it absolutely. 
Mr. DAWES. The motion to adjourn is not 
debatable. 
Mr. McKEAN. My colleague yielded the floor; 
and before any objection was made, the gentle- 
man from Massachusetts moved an adjournment. 
[Shouts of," Order Order 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 rise to a point of 
order. 
it is this: it is competent for the gentle- 
man from New York to yield the floor, but he 
cannot yield it upon a contract or bargain en- 
titling him to resume it in the morning. If he 
yields it at ail, he must yield it absolutely. 
Mr. DAWES. He did not yield the floor upon 
any intimation from me that it was my purpose 
to move to adjourn. I asked him to yield the 
floor to me for a moment, observing that there 
was no quorum here. 
I conceived it to be my 
right to call the attention of the Chair to that fact. 
did call the attention of the Chair to it, and then 
I moved to adjourn. 
Mr. McCLbRNAND. There is no disagree- 
ment, then, between the gentleman from Massa- 
chusctts and myself. According to his own state- 
ment, the gentleman from New York has yielded 
the floor absolutely. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair dc- 
sires to state that the fact has not yet come to the 
knowlcdge of the Chair that the gentleman from 
New York yields the floor. Thc Chair propounds 
the question to the gentleman from New York: 
does he yield the floor? 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. And now we enter 
an objection to his yielding it, unless he yields it 
unconditionally. 
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 did not yield the floor 
unconditionally by any means. 
yielded it to 
the gentleman from Massachusetts. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. According to the 
rules, the floor cannot be yielded conditionally. 
It has been the pr'adtice of the House, however, 
for a gentleman having the floor at a late bour of 
the day, to yield it for the purpose of an adjourn- 
ment. But if objection is made to a gentleman 
yielding the floor, the rule is, that if he does so, 
he does it unconditionally, and waives his right 
to the floor. 
Mr. GOOCH. Now, I want the point of order 
which I raised decided. 
It is this: that my col- 
league asked the gentleman from New York to , 
yield the floor; he did yield it; no objection was 
made; and my colleague moved to adjourn. 
from the decision of the Chair in order? [Shouts 
of Order!" 
] I appeal from the decision of the 
Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. 
I am not aware 
that the Chair has made any decision. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 hope my col- 
league will be allowed to go on now. 
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from New York 
does not desire to go on now, my comague [Mr. 
HOWARD] is willing to proceed. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. 1 am willing go 
on now, for the •reason that I desire to leave the 
city to-morrow. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Does the gentle- 
man from New York yield to the gentleman from 
Ohio ? 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 shall object to 
his yielding the floor. 
Mr. GObC1-1. 
I rise to the point that there is 
no quorum present. 
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman has n t the 
floor to make any such point. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The g 
from New York will proceed. 
Mr. VAN WYCK. This the 
nineteenth annivcrsary of one of the most exciting 
sc&lles witnessed in the American Congress. On 
the 25th day of January, 1842, John Quincy Ad- 
ams introduced the petition of forty-five citizens 
of Haverhill, Massachusetts, praying for a peace- 
able dissolution of the United Stat". Desiring 
that the right of petition should be recognized, he 
moved its reference to a committee, with instruc- 
tions to report against its prayer. I-Ie, with nearly 
the entire North and South, was opposed to dis- 
solution. For a few years previous to that time, 
by reason of the excitement with England and 
her colonies, and other causes, the slavery agita- 
tion was deeper and more intense than at any pe- 
riod in the history of our country. The very men 
who then could not. find words sufficiently strong 
to anathematize those they called traitors, now 
seem to bc courting a traitor's doom, and madly 
rioting in a traitor's saturnalia. Tl'he folly of 
Abolitionists did not force the South into treason 
against God and man. Efforts were then being 
made to abolish slavery in the dock-yards, arse- 
nals, alid District of Colurnbia. Personat liber- 
ty bills existed in many of the States; New York 
had passed one in 1840. Henry A. Wise then pre- 
dicted, with as much hope of fulfillment as most 
of your prophesies at this time, that in ten years 
a black Representative would appear in the na- 
tional All the evils which you now 
lament existed then, and the pcrnmnency of your 
institutions in more jeopardy. Since that time, 
Florida has been added to the galaxy; 'I'exas has 
been bought and acquired arid surrendered to sla- 
very; California '•.vas obtained, and the consti- 
tution of' a sovereign people placed on her mount- 
ains and valleys tbe royal robe of free labor, and 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, we have rubbed planted on her brow the diadem of liberty; New 
Mexico has been acquired, and that immense 
all that out, and begun acrain. L Laughter.] 
Mr. MCCLERNAND? we plead the statute 
rrerritory, than the original thirteen States, 
of limitations against that. 
Mr. GOOCH. Such is the fact. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair was 
not aware that that was the fact. 
Mr. DAWES. I stated it to the Chair more 
than once. 
I want to know of the Chair now 
whether I can be recognized by the Chair when 
1 make a motion in order? If the House does not 
to adjourn , they need not adjourn; but I have 
n right to make a motion to adjourn, and to have 
that motion put. [Cries of" Order!" 
Order!" ] 
The SPEAKER tempore. Not when an, 
other gentleman has the floor. 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New York I 
yielded the floor to me at the outset, and 1 made 
the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tenzpore. Does the gentle- 
man from New York [Mr. VAN WYCK] yield the 
floor? 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 obje&to his 
yielding. 
Mr. VAN WY CK. I have already yielded 
the floor. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then, if the gen- 
tleman says he does not yield the floor, he ,will 
proceed. 
Mr. GOOCH. He says no such thing. 
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 did. not say that. 
Mr. DAWES Is such a thing as an appeal 
you have been sutTered to dedicate to the " pecu- 
liar institution. ' 
Three fourths of the territory 
acquired since 1842 has been surrendered to sla- 
very; and slave property has been steadily in- 
creasino• in numbers and value. 
In 1850, amore 
slave law was given to appcasc your 
growing dcmands. 
Why, with no greater cause of complaint, were 
your people then so strongly attached to tho 
Union? Why did you then deny the power in 
Congress or the States to dissolve it? If the 
Union was an indissoluble bond then, why not 
now? 
Ellhe position we occupy on the slavery qucg- 
tion, and the policy of the Government as to the 
Territories, is the sao-ze held by the fathers of the 
Republic, nearly all the statesmen of the South, 
and the Democratic party down to 1848. Because 
we entertain those views and believe in that pot- 
icy, and for no other reason, political incendiaries 
would trample upon the flag and burn the temple 
of freedom. 
On the question of dissolution we nosv stand 
where the people of the South and the Democratic 
party stood in 1842. Shall we now hesitate to 
stand like men where they proudly stood? And 
if fall we must, will it not be some consolation to 
fall amid such Splendid ruins, because it will bo 
amid the wreck of your fathers' policy and your 
own we vil_l be - ingulfe(.li The Abolitionist"f 
thé Noi'th claimed tö -be oppf_ééséd. r iri 
cause Congress had spurned the fight-of 
Did you Propose a great hatiöåal cömmigeö_ito 
bargain a truce with traitors, by-tibai•te$ åüd bé• 
trayal of prihciéle? •To some of the men Whé.-atg 
now reéking with treaSoh a'nd 
the freedom of man, a reference tåthéir 
and declarationS might be of pt•qfit. 
When the petition referred' to was présönted., 
Mr. Hopkins, of Virginias asked If 'it was iii 
order to burn the petition in presence -of •tilte 
House. " 
Mr. Wise, of Virginia, asked If it was iii 
order to move to censure any member préSénting 
such a petition, and to move that the House do 
now proCeed to inquire. whether a member' 
offered suéh a petition to this body, and to proceed 
accordingly, 
Mr. Merriwether, of Georgia, Did not diink 
that sucha petition shotild be -allowéd conie 
within the walls of this House. " 
Mr. Campbell, of South Carolihäj Did not 
think that a petition of such a character should be 
thus lightly passed over. " 
Mr. Gilmer, of Virginia, resolved: 
'I'bat, in presenting to-the cousideration pf'tbis House 
a petition iör a dissolution of' the 
Massachusetts (Mr. Adams) bas justly incurred the •cen. 
sure of' this I-louse." 
Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky, moved the follow- 
ing resolution: 
Whereas the Federal Constitution is a permanent form 
of Government and of perpetual obligation, until altered or 
nxodificd in the mode pointed out in fhat instrument." 
A proposition, thereföve, to dissolve the 
organic law. is a direct proposition to euch member to com•. 
mit perjury, and involves the crime of higb treason 
is a wound at thc Constitution, the ex- 
istencc of the country, and the liberties of the people-of 
these States.' 
It struck him with horror, it stupefied him; 
he had not believed it possible that there could be 
Illen wild enough in the country, and mad enough, 
to make a proposition that the Goverrnnent of the 
United States should terminate its own oxistence, 
and then to submit it to the members of that 
House, inviting them to commit perjury or moral 
treason. ' 
" Coming from any quarter, 
it was 
sacrilége. The UniÖn was the only means of 
safety and liberty." 
Mr. Wise asked for a voice frorm the tombs— 
that the Farewell Address of Washington m_igbt 
bo heard. After extracts were read, he said that 
the anti-slavery palty was acrainst the Govern- 
moot; was an English party. Yes, vv'hiie the Eng- 
1ish Abolitionists were moving on Jamaica, and 
contemp[ating to makc their next demonstration 
on Cuba; wliile they ••.vere establishing lines ofa 
comrner.•cial marine, connecting England and the 
West Indies with this country, and thus openin" 
the •q.vay for a military marine to follow, which, 
at the first sound of the toscin, would pour in 
armies of trained free blacks upon the whole 
South, this proposition to dissolve the Union was 
simulta neously brought forward. Can any ardent 
southerner present so formidable a list of griev- 
" And how happenéd it that men, 
ances now ? 
who held these sentimen t.s, should be found bring- 
ing forward Tory plans for upt.urning the Gov- 
ernment ? ' " It was a British abolition disunion 
Speaking of Mr Adams's motion to re- 
party, 
port against the pctition, he adds: What did 
that amount to? No more than this, that it was 
not expedient to dissolve the Union just at this 
time; not yet; not now. They had not yet'låst 
all their love for that Union recommended by the 
Father of his Country." 
" This very ex-Pres- 
ident was the va•y man who, for the first time, 
invited the Congress of the United States to re- 
ccive, discuss, deliberate upon, a proposition to 
break the union of the States. 
It pointed to that 
which, should God spare his life, he expected to 
witness before ten years passed over his hcad— 
the election of a black Representative to a seat on 
that floor. English influence at home and abroad 
was in league to dissolve this Union." " Go on; 
you shall have your reward. Go on with this, 
your moral treason, and carry it so far as to come 
within Chief Justice Marshall 's decision in-Bunt's 
case; and you shall get your hemp. There were 
no dissolutionists in his sectio'n of the country. 
If they dared to show tlieir faces in his section, 
they G•ould meet with a alid a very 
summary disposal." So spoke Hihry A. Wise, 
