630 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 29, 
now onc of the leaders of this organized armed 
rebellion. 
Mr. Underwood, of Kentucky, said: They 
had no right to dissolve this Union; but •were 
bound to sustain it. Because he -knew that to dis- 
sol_ve the bonds of this Union, and separate the 
different States composing this Confederacy , mak- 
ing the Ohio river the linc, and Mason and Dixr 
on's line the -bouhdary, he knew, as soon as that 
was done, slavery. was done in Kentucky, Mary- 
land, and a larue portion of Virginia, and it would 
extend to all the States south of this line. The 
dissolution of the Union was the dissolution of 
slavery. 
-Mr. Botts, in his remarks, stated that a similar 
resolution, some three or four years ago, was pro- 
pared by a member from South Carolina. Mr. 
William Butler, of that Stale, desired to know to 
Whom he referred; he replied Mr. Rhett. Mr. 
Rhett thon disclaimed any serious intention in the 
resolution, that " ho only proposed it as an amend- 
ment to a proposition to abolish slavery in. the 
District of Columbia; that hc had no expectation 
of passing it or taking a vote on it." 
South Carolina talks very much of status quo 
just now. What was her status quo in 1842 ? 
Mr. Marshall further said: " You may dissolve 
—God in his mercy forfend that you ever should. 
But you will never do it but by force. Ncvcr! 
Never!" Will they tell the American people 
that the people of Massachusett.s have a right. to 
dissolve their Union? It is the detestation of the 
South to abolition that makeshcr a unionist. And 
it is the love of the North for abolition that has 
It goes bC- 
brought her in favor ofdissolution. 
yond southcrn nullifiers. The convention that sat 
at Columbia ncvcr took the ground that Congress 
had pox.vel' to dissolve the Union." 
Our casc is here fully madc out, the argu- 
ment exhausted. Your own men l'iave, proved 
that neither Congress nor tl')e States can dissolve 
this Union, save by force; and when you have 
already commenced that process, you leave us 
only onc course—to oppose forcc by force. Yoti 
and wc will not, wc 
have driven us to the wall; 
cannot, surrender. W c arc told that a rcmoval 
But 
of the cause of dangcr will produce peace. 
what is the cause? You say slavery agitation. 
In that you stop one degree short of tlne real cause 
—which is slavery itself. Now, will you cxcr- 
cisc an cnlargcd patriotism by removing the cause 
of danger? You may have an open powder mao- 
azine on a public thoroughfare of the world. Will 
you quarrel with every traveler who carries a 
lighted tapcr whenever his convenicncc or wants 
require? Bctter close your deadly magazine, and 
removc it from the tread of men. We do not ask 
this. We only insist that you shall not with it. 
cursc the common Territories of' the nation. You 
do not pretend that your institution is endangered 
in thc States. True, you sometimes lament about 
personal liberty bills, and the tardy execution of 
the fugitive slave law. 
The attempted prohibition of slavery in the Ter- 
ritories is the real cause of complaint. The con- 
dition of all the 'l'erritories we now own is settled, 
and we had hoped the inordinate desire to plun- 
der our weak neighbors was subducd. But, rntu•k 
what tbc Vice President, and onc of the dcft.hftted 
candidatcs for the Presidency, in a Ictler to the 
Governor of Kentucky, January G, 186.1, says: 
The Southern States cannot afford to be shut 
off from all possibility of expansion towards the 
tropiesb the hostite action of' the Federal Gov- 
ernment. Let us not be deceived; this key un- 
locks the southern mind and peions. Dreams 
of Cuba, Mexico, the Central and South Auncrican 
States, frstoon the bloody machinations of south- 
ern traitors, as they rendered gorgeous the un- 
holy schemes of Burr and his confederates. In one 
breath you groan at the evils suffered from the 
Union and the Federal Government, although 
nearly the whole time from its existence it has 
been in your hands or subject to your control. 
In the next, you boast of your great wealth and 
power; of the spread of your dominions; the in- 
crcase in the number and value •of your slaves; 
the great overshadowing omnipotence of cott.on. 
A few days since, you sought to demonstrate that 
northern wealth and commerce, French industry, 
and British enterprise, depended upon a few slave- 
holders. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. GAR- 
NETT] boastingly pointed to tho time, in a few 
decades, when the slave population would number 
thirty million. 
I stop not here to prove the divinity of freedom 
or the despotism of slavery. With your cannon 
pointed at the Capitol, and your bayonets almost 
at our breasts, it IS no time to argue abstract prin- 
ciples, neither on our knees to supplicate for life. 
At all timeyn a question of freedom, man should 
be right from instinct. Would you take a man 
by the sounding sea to hear the sullen roar of its 
waters, or stand him upon the yawning gulf, down 
which volcanic fires madly ragc,or dart. their sul- 
phureous fumes and hissing front into the vale be- 
low? Would you place him in the smiling val- 
ley, teeming With the fruits of autumn, radiating 
the cheering sunshine of mid-day or the mellow 
moonbeams of evening; or from the bold mount- 
ain summit, beyond tbc reach of culture's hand 
or nature's growth, where the dew of evenino or 
the rain of morning only gives life to the stunted 
pine -and oak, where thc eagle builds his eyrie, 
and thtxcrcst wreathed in perpetual snow? Would 
you ston cpldly to reason with such a man the 
existence bfa divine Creator? So, when you take 
a man, and stand him by the great ocean of hu- 
manity, where be bends his ear to catch the surcy- 
incr wail of oppression and want; when hc staids 
over the yawning volcanic fires which despotism 
has created and is endeavoring to conceal; or in 
the little valley of human happiness, full of sun- 
shine and peace; or high up on the dreary mount- 
tain of oppression, Where scarce a green thing 
may grow, where the sunshine of life, its dews 
and rains, make desolation more desolate; will 
you pause to argue the divinity of man's free- 
40m, or prove his inherent right to himself? 
But wc have now to deal with facts, not fancies; 
realities, not t.heory. W c supposed that we lived 
in a Republic where froe white men regulated its 
action and controlled its destiny; that it was a 
Government of the people for the people. For 
three fourths of a century we havc grown in 
wealll), numbers, and power, although you claim 
to have suffered from multiplied wrongs. South 
Carolina, in onc of her many dectarations of in- 
dependence, says it has beeri ff0ing on for seventy- 
four years. Quitc likely; our fathers comrncnced 
a crusadc against slavcry c.vcn in thc colonial state ; 
they rcncwed it in the I)eclaration of Independ- 
ence, and continued it after the adoption of the 
Constitution, in its nhnost immediate abolition in 
one half the States o? the Union. And now you 
scandalize the Inemory of the revolutionary pa- 
triots, who hewed the pathway to national great- 
ness through rivers of blood, with fire and sword, 
by charging that the only motive for unchainino• 
the slave was the sordid and base consideration 
that slaverv would not pay. 
Grant, if you please, that slavcryis right: what 
then? You say that the Territories belong to the 
people of the whole country. Shall not they who 
Is it u nsafe to intrust thcn• des- 
own it control it? 
tiny with the sovereign peoplc of the Republic? 
'l'he majority, constitutionally expressed, must 
(rovern. What do you mean when you talk of 
the brute force of majorities, which is manifested 
without forcc, and exercised without violence? 
Is that not safer than the brute forcc ofa minority ? 
You say you are excluded from settling in the. 
Territories. Not so. Of your eight million pop- 
ulalion,scarce three hundred thousand are owners 
of slaves. The hearthstones of many solitary 
cabins, far away towards the light of the setting 
sun, arc cheered by the songs which the cmiærnnt 
learned in his southern home. Your seven hnil- 
lion five hundred thousand population who have 
not the advantages of negro property can cross 
the dark line which slavery rears, and not be com- 
pelted to work in the furrow wet with the sv„reat 
of the slave. This very day, is not a fair propor- 
tion of the population of that country—of which 
'Twas said, that. far through the forest wild, 
And over t.he moantåins hold, 
Was a land whose rivers and darkening cares 
Were getn'd with the, purest gol(l"— 
men reared in a southern clime? Let mc illus- 
trate: a poor boy was born in Kentucky; not to 
an inheritance of wealth and slaves, but entitled 
to the privileges of that immense territory over 
which your fathers said the dark wing of slavery 
should never be spread. He removed to Iliinois; 
by industry carved out for himself reputation, 
honor, and great.ness; and now stands a living 
cmbodiment of the principles we profess—the 
lawfülly elected . President of the United States. 
Will Kentucky this day say that the ordinance 
of , Jefferson, excluding slavery from the great 
Northwest, prevented her citizens from enjoying 
its benefits, or aspiring. to the highest offices in 
the gift of a free people ? 
The policy of the *dominant party must pre- 
In 1820, the policy of the dominant and 
vail. 
slaveholdinm party said slavery should not go 
north of 360 30'; In 1854, you reversed that pol- 
icy, and the dominant party said that slavery 
should have a struggle-with freedom north of thit 
line, and that free labor or slave labor should be 
baptized in fire dild blood on the plains of Kansas. 
We submitted to the brute force of majorities 
In 1856, you claimed that your Nébraska 
then. 
bill was sustained by the ieople; and the whole 
patronage of the Government, the Treäs•ury and 
sword of the notion unsheathed to subdue us, we 
submitted to the brute force of majorities then. 
DOUGLAS told you that by his theory of pop- 
ular sovereignty you had acquired New Mexico 
to slavery; we submitted to the brute force of 
majorities then. We never rnade any ruffan '8 
threat or bragcrart's boast; only waiting for an- 
other expression of the will of tho American peo- 
pie. And now, in the same spirit with which you 
demand the r.iffht to convert mon into merchan- 
dise, you talk of dismembering a great Republic 
and establishing empires. Do gentlemen so scri- 
ously mistake the nature of our Union? The 
Amphyctionic council, the Achæan and Ionian 
league, the Swiss and Italian Republics, like the 
first Confederation of our fathers, were but States 
in alliance; ours is a Union of the people. The 
Constitution itself shows by whom made and for 
what purpose. We, the people, not the States, 
for the purpose of a more perfect union. The 
power that created can alone destroy. 
The question is not now, shall the African be 
a slave? but, shall the white freemen of the nation 
control the Government? Shall I, my constiw 
uents, my State, my section, pass under the yoke, 
and grant a willinrr submission to a power which 
yields to no reason, is controlled by no Consti- 
tution, guided by no laws? 
We are told that we must submit because we 
havc been misrepresented at home and abroad; 
because southern people, in their blind infatuation, 
believe that we intend to overrun, devastate, and 
destroy, the southern States, and liberate their 
I am not disposed to humiliate 
slaves by force. 
myself to excuse or atone for another's folly. 
We are hot responsible for the ignorance of your 
people. -w c have neither created nor contributed 
to it. You suffer papers filled with the ultra doc- 
trines of Garrison to be circulated, while those 
which are exponents of Republican principles arc 
consigned to the flames. Southern and northern 
orators have willfully and wickedly misrepresent- 
ed our purposes and objects. You have been arous- 
ing and alarming the worst passions of your peo- 
ple, and now you say you cannot control them. 
You have sown the wind; now yourselves reap 
the whirlwind. You have created the storm; now 
bond yourselves before its fury, or break. While 
you have lashed the angry waves into threatening 
billows, you ask us to cut away our masts and 
scuttle our ship, so that you may cnjoy one wide- 
spread ruin. You are now exultant over the 
destruction you are hoping to produce. 
Like the moonbeatns on the blasted heath 
Mocking its desolation 
you are strivincr to prevent the fulfillment of the 
prediction made by the Bishop of Cloyne more 
than a century ago, when speakmg of this vast 
continent: 
Time's noblest empire is the last." 
You have been shorn of your strength by your 
own Delilah; and now in your blindness would 
wrap your arms around the pillars of the Repub- 
lic and perish in its ruins. 
But 'our northern allies are atoning for their 
'•.vork of folly by branding their own falsehoods. 
OuTht not this to remove apprehension from the 
minds of your people? You trusted them to bc- 
lieve their falsehoods. Why not betieve them 
when the dangers they have produced and the 
fears they have excited are extorting from them 
an honest confession ? If you will not hear Moses 
and the Prophets, you would not be convinced 
though one rose from the dead. 
