1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
633 
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of order. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 object tothegen- 
tleman interrupting my colleague. 
Mr. DAWES. My point Of order is, that the 
language just uttered by the gentleman from New 
York is out of order. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 require the gentleman to 
redUcé the language to writing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair re- 
gards the point of order as entirely frivolous, and 
rules it out. 
Mr. DAWES. •I appeal from the deciéion of 
the Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has 
made no decision. 
Mr. DAWES. I appeal from that decision of 
the. Chair. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
from Neur York is in order, and will proceed with 
his remarks. 
Mr. DAWES. I desire to know whether I can 
appeal from the decision of the Chair. 
Mr. BRANCH. The Chair refused to enter- 
tain the point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
cannot appe•al from the decision of the Chair. The 
Chair did not entertain the point of order on ac- 
count of its frivolousness. 
Mr. DAWES. Then I appeal from the decis- 
ion of the Chair in refusing to entertain that point 
of order. 
Mr. COX. I hope the Chair will protect the 
gentleman from New York -in his right to proceed 
with his speech. 
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle- 
man from New York yield to the gentleman from 
Massachusetts ? 
Several MEMBERS. 
I object. 
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 decline to yield. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the gentle- 
man will proceed with his remarks. 
Mr. VAN WYCK resumed; but was again in- 
terrupted by 
Mr. HUTCHINS, who said: 1 understand, 
Mr. Speaker, tha.t my colleague, Mr. HOWARD, 
wants to leave the city to-morrow for Virginia, 
and is willing to make a speech to-night. He can 
do so now, and lét the gentleman from New York 
finish his speech in the morning, if there be no 
objection. 
Several MEMBERS objected. 
A message wa_s here received from the Senate 
by Mr. HICKEY, its Chief Clerk, notifying the 
House that the Senate had ordered the printing of 
pertain documents, and,had passed the House bill 
authorizing the bringing of a suit against the 
United States to test the title to the hospital square 
in San Francisco. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. Is there any objection to 
my proposi'tion ? 
I hope the gentle- 
Mr. PEYTON. 1 obiect. 
man from New York will be allowed to go on and 
close. his speech. He has been detained too long 
already. 
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen- 
tleman from -Nev.r York yield to the gentleman 
from Massachusetts? 
Mr. DAWES. Fora motion to adjourn. 
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 yield for the purpose of 
adiournment.. 
•fine. STEVENSON. 1 object. 
Mr. DAWES. Does the Speaker decide that 
this motion cannot bé entertained ? 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair de- 
cides that the gentleman from New York can yield 
the floor unconditio•nally, but not otherwise, if 
there be objection. The Chair hears objection; 
and so he decides that the motion is not in order. 
Mr. DAWES. •MT ilk the Chair entertain an 
appeal from its own decision ? 
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair would 
most cheerfully do so. 
Mr. DAWES. Then I take an appeal from 
the. decision of the Chair; and on that 1 call for 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 object to that. 
rrhe SPEAKER pro iempore. The gentleman 
has a perfect right to take an appeal. 
Mr. BURNETT. Would it not satisfy the 
gentleman from New York to publish his speech? 
The SPEAKER pro The Chair hopes 
there will be no objection to that. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. None whatever. 
Mr. DAWES. I might as well have gentlemen 
understand at once what my purpose -is. I want 
to understand whether it is a fåct or not, that the 
floor is farmed out so that gentlemen on the other 
side are to have it in the morning and gentlemen 
on this side to have it late in the afternoon ? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair knows 
of no such arrangement. 
Mr. STEVENSON. A gentleman from New 
York [Mr. CONKLING] is to have the floor after 
his colleague. 
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be recollected that 
the first member who had the floor this morning 
on this debate was the very ultra gentleman from 
Pennsylvania, [Mr. STEVENS.] 
Mr. DAWES. I have observed that neither the 
ordinary parliamentary rule, which requires that 
the member who addresses the Chair first is to be 
recognized first, nor any arrangement known be- 
forehand, is observed in farming out the floor. 
I Arn only desirous to know by what right the 
floor is farmed •out? Thut is all. 
I have no in- 
terest in the matter myself. had just as lief 
hear the gentleman from New York as the gen- 
tleman from Kentucky, or any other man. I have 
I am acting in concert with 
no other interest. 
nobody. 
Mr. SICKLES. Is debate in order? 
The SPEAKER tempore. The gentleman 
from New York is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. DAWES. 1 insist that 1 am entitled to 
the floor. The gentleman from New York yielded 
the floor to me. 
Mr. BURNETT. If my memory IS not en- 
tirely at fault, in the last Congress the gentleman 
from Massachusetts [Mr. DAWES] himself, when 
in the chair, made pretty rnuch the same decision 
which the gentleman who now occupies the chair 
If am not mistaken, he refused to 
has made. 
recognize points of order on the ground that they 
were frivolous. And in respect to the farming 
out the floor, I ',vill say that understand the 
gentleman from New York is to be followed by 
one of his colleagues. 
DAWES. Will the gentleman from Ken- 
tuckyhåélen to me for one moment? 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 object to debate, 
except by the gentleman from New York, who 
is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the from New 
York will allow me to reply to the gentleman from 
Kentucky. 
Mr. SICKLES. I object only because the gen- 
tleman from Massachusetts made his comment, 
which was replied to by the gentleman from Ken- 
tucky. I insist, now' that both sides have been 
heard, that the gentleman from New York , who is 
entitled to the floor, shall be permitted to proceed. 
Mr. DAWES. i rose to correct the statement 
of the gentleman from Kentucky; and if I am pre- 
vented from doing that by an objection, I only 
want it to appear who the objection comes from. 
Mr. SICKLES. insist that my colleague 
shall make his speech or print it, one of the two. 
Mr. PEYTON. 1 rise to make an inquiry of 
the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. DAWES. Let the appeal first be decided. 
Mr. SICKLES. There no appeal pending, 
Mr. DAWES. Thero is an appeal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un- 
derstands that; but if there be no objection, the 
gentleman from Kentucky will be allowed to ask 
a question. 
Mr. PEYTON. The 1 desired to pro- 
pound is, whether, if the gentleman from New 
York submits to these interruptions, they are not 
to come out of his time? 
Mr. SICKLES. Of course they are. 
The SPEAKER pro tonpore. The Chair will 
bc the judge of that when the gentleman 's time has 
expired. 
Mr. PEYTON. 1 thinkitis no more than jus- 
tice, if the gentleman from New York allows 
these proceedings to take place with his consent, 
that in an hour from the time he commenced the 
floor shall be awarded to another gentleman. 
Mr. DAWES. I now ask for the question on 
my appeal. 
•The SPEAKER pro tenzpore. T hc Chair will 
put the question. 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 move to lay the appeal 
on the table. 
Mr. DAWES. 1 cali for tellers on that motion. 
The SPEAKERp*01empore divided the House, 
and annoånced that only teh members voted, foi€ 
tellers. 
Mr. DAWES. I insist on a count-Of;the other 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. 
It requires One 
fi(th of a quorum to order tellers. 
Mr. McREAN. Does the Chair assume •that 
a norum is present? 
SPEAKER pro tempore. If the 
called upon to say whether there were a quorum 
present, he would decide that no quorum-was 
present. 
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. the point 
that there is no quorum present, and that no busi- 
ness can be done. 
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The appeal must 
first be settled. 
The question was put; and the appeal was laid 
on the table. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 insist now that my 
league shall be allowed to proceed in order. 
Mr. GOOCH. The Chair just decided 
that there was no quorum in the Hali, The gen- 
tleman- from New York cannot therefore proceed. 
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chan, 
decide that there is no quorum præserjt. 
Mr. SICKLES. Debate may proceed if there 
is no quorum present. 
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. No business catn 
be transacted when there is no quorum present. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 protest against 
these persistent efforts to interrupt my-colleague. 
I hope he will be allowed to go on. (Laughter.] 
Mr. GOOCH. I understand the Speaker has 
decided that there is no quorum present. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair may 
be of opinion that there is no quorum present; but 
that will only be shown by a vote of the House. 
Mr. GOOCH. Can a point of order be de- 
cided without a quorum being present? 
Mr. SICKLES. Icall the gentleman from Mas- 
sachusetts to order. There is no question before 
the, House. 
Mr. GOOCH. Irise to a point of order. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call the gentleman from 
Massachusetts to order. He can only rise to a 
question of order from his seat. He is not in his 
seat, nor has he bcen for some time past. 
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman from 
is himself not in his seat; and hope the Chair 
will first set him down. [Laughter.] 
Mr. BURNETT. objection to my 
calling the gentleman to order away from my seat. 
Mr. GOOCH. The gentleman 
yields me the floor for a motion to adjoårn. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 want it understood, that 
if the gentleman from New York yields the floor, 
he does it unconditionally. 
Mr. GOOCH. 'The gentleman from New York 
yields me the floor; and i move that the House 
adjourn. 
irhe SPEAKER tempwe. The gentleman 
from New York will proceed with his speech. 
Mr. GOOCH. have made the motion that 
the House adjourn. 
The SPEARER tempore. The gentleman 
from New York has not Yielded the floor, as the 
Chair understands, objection being made. 
Mr. GOOCH. Does the gentleman froin New 
York yield me the Hoor for a motion to adjourn ? 
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 do. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle. 
man from New York yield it unconditionally ? 
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 do not. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Then the gen- 
tleman does not yield the floor. 
Mr. GOOCEI. From that decision I appeal. 
The SPEAKER pro The Chair 
cides that the gentleman from New York cannot 
yield the floor unless he yields it unconditionally, 
and that the gentleman from Massachusetts can- 
not takc it from him upon a point of order. 
Mr. GOOCH. i appeal from that decision. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks 
the question of order is irregular, and he will not 
entertain it. The gentleman from New York-will 
proceed with his speech. 
Mr. GOOCH. Have I not the right to take an 
appeal from the decision of the Chair? 
Mr. SICKLES. All these questions of order 
and appeals are frivolous; and I insist that the 
Speaker shall adhere to his fotmer ruling, and not 
entertain such questions and appeals 
