1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLObØ, 
635 
Kentucky as a basis of settlement. 
I *said that 
the other day, I 'believes at least I have said every" 
where in -my conversations that, while there are 
some points in his -proposition which I cannot 
adopt, I Will go far, very far, further, perhaps, 
than a majority of my constituents wouid go, to 
take away all cause of complaint on' •tac part of 
the soulhern people. Especially do I desire to 
hold out hope to the Un rnen in the 
South, who are now battling with those who are 
disposed to dissever the Union. want to en- 
courage them, and I will go as far as any man 
can be expected to go to enable them to put them- 
selves right at home and among their constituents. 
After said this, I hayé the honor of pre- 
senting the petition of these workingmen of Phil- 
adelphia. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. 
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from Vir- 
ginia aliow me a sincle word? 
Mr. MASON. One moment. The Senators 
from Pennsylvania have spoken of a disposition 
on the part of their State to make any concessions 
to the South which they can make with proper 
regard to the Constitution or to themsclves. Now, 
I (10 not understand what those Senators, or oth- 
ers who use that term, mean by concessions. 
am not aware that the southern States haveasked 
for any concessions of any kind, in any form. 
Y ct that term is in as familiar use here as a house- 
hold word, that the South asks for concessions 
from the North, and that the North is willing to 
make them! We would never ask for conces- 
It has been the uniforrn lan- 
sions in any form. 
guage of the southern States here, through their 
representatives, so far as I know, that they are 
perfectly satisfied with the Constitution; 
they 
have no complaint to make of the Constitution. 
Their complaint is, that thc Constitution has been 
violated and disregarded, to the prejudice of the 
rights socurcd to them by the Constitution. They 
It 
ask for no concession in any form or shape. 
would be unworthy in them to ask it, and derog- 
atory in the other Statos to yield it. What arc 
concessions? The idea is that the North arc to 
give to the South something that the Constitution 
That is the only idea 
does not entitle them to. 
of concession. W c have never asked for it in any 
forni or shape. We have aslccd only that thc 
Const.if,uti0k'i be regarded, fulfilled, carricd out, as 
the makers of the Constitution. designed its;hould 
be, for the protection of those rights under t.be 
Constitution that we say have been outraged and 
and eloquent than I am,) the sentiments and con- 
victions that I entertain. As an individual Sen- 
atop, looking upon myself ns the humblest mem- 
bet' of the body,.but still feeling Lhat responsibil-• 
ity which wus imposed upon me ••.vhen I took the 
oath to support the Constitution of the United 
States, and feeling something of the resnonSibil- 
ity which thc exti•aordinary posil:on of public 
affairs at present imposes•upon everbody, I desire 
to acquit myself, so far as I may, of any patriotic 
obligations that rest upon me as a member of this 
body. Not taking up the hour of the Senate, nor 
keeping the impatient ears of the Senate from 
hearing the du Icet tones of the Senator from Penn- 
sylvania, [Mr. BIGLER,] who is waiting for me 
to sil down, I shall yield the floor, with the an- 
nouncen-ucnt that, at some time which will be con- 
venient 'to tho Senate, and when there is nobody 
who thinks he can address the Senate better than 
can—if such a time ever arrives—I hope to ad- 
dress a few remarks upon this subject to the Sen- 
ate, and to that portion of the country that takes 
any interest in what we arc doing here. 
Mr. BIGLER. Mi•. 
Mr. FOS'I'ER. I ask what question is before 
the Senate? 
Mr. BIGLER. The motion which 1 made, to 
print the memorial. 
MI'. GRIMES. 1 think there was no such mo- 
tion made. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 did not heap any motion. 
There was no business before the Senate that I 
saw. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK.) 
The Chair did not hoar the motion, but the Sen- 
ator froin Pennsylvania says he made it. 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. G PLIMES. On what motion ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. on the motion 
to print the memorial he offered. 
I regret exceedingly that my 
Mr. BIGLER. 
im patience has abbreviated the speech of the Sen- 
ator from New Hampshire, for I am very sure 
we are always glad to hear his musical voice; but 
that regret is relieved by the announcement that 
we shall hear him soon again. •.13ut enough of that, 
sir. Nor do I intend to go into this general sub- 
ject. My object is simply to say a word to my 
col!caguc, which I know he will receive in all 
as to policy; btit as to 
law, in order that' the -country-may saved. 
was in that sense that I used thé term concession. 
1 certainly-did not. mean, and-I never shouldämö 
pute to Virginii(, or any other sovereign Ståtes the 
purpose of conceding a cléarly aelcriösvl- 
edged constitutional right; but, sir, a concession 
of party position, a concession of patty: organi• 
zation, a concession of -prejudice, if you: -please, 
is a concession at this time Oh which I think every 
man might well pride himself. I do not thesitate 
to say that I am perfectly ready to abandon party 
organization and party prejud ice , and actas though 
I had never participated in pol!lics, if by 'that I-can 
procure the adoption of a measure that will secure 
to any extent- the peace of the country. Sir, ibis 
no ordinary time. State after State is, by solemn 
ordinance, claiming to be out of this Union; the 
whole fabric is going to pieces; and yet gentlemen 
express astonishment that terms are used in •these. 
extraordinåry times which seem to imply an undue 
anxiety or feeling on the part of some. confess 
to deep, heartfelt anxiety, perhaps to undue zeal. 
What express comes from a sn•ong conviction 
that never, since the organization of this Govern- 
ment, was there devolved upon•.the Senators of. 
the Unitcd States such an imperative, high, holy, 
and momentous duty as devolves upon it just at 
this dav and this hour. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. to 
present the remonstrance of Murry Nelson and 
one hundred and sixty-tln•ec ot-bcrs, citizens of 
Chicago, Illinois, who express themselves as be- 
ing in favor of the Constitution and laws as they 
are, and agail'lst any concessions to thc people of 
the South while arrayed in rebellion arrainst the 
Union and the, laws; but in favor of hearing their 
grievances after they shall have returned to their 
allegiance, and redressing them so far as may be 
in their power. This remonstrance is signed, as 
I said, by over one hundred and sixty citizens of 
Chicago, and takes the same view which I am 
glad to hear that thc Senator from Virginia takes, 
I believe, 
that the Constitution is good enough. 
sir, that the Constitution is good enough ; and the 
difficulty is, that we do not live up to the' Consti- 
I think 
tution; that thcrc is rebellion acrainst it. 
our first dutv, and the first duty of the Senator 
from Pennsylvania, if he wants to preserve this 
Union, is to defend the Constitution and laws as 
It, is not by making concessions to men 
Ele certainly docs not intend to inti- who ask no concessions, blit spurn them; who 
kindness. 
maie that I had any agencv in creating the. impres- say they want nothing to do with the Union ; who 
violated. We ask for no concession. should Sion that he intended to ihdorse all that said in 
bc humiliated if we did ask it; and they would be 
humiliatcd if they granted it. We ask for no con- 
cession; we ask only for right. We are asking 
for no new provisions whatever. We are asking 
for a security, not a concession. 
N.h•. HALE. Mr. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 hope the Senator from 
Hampshire will allow mc a moment. 
Mr. I-I ALE. I have got the floor about four 
times within the last fortnight, to say very few 
words, and on each occasion there has been some 
other member of thc Senate so well convinced that 
hc could address the Senate better than I could, I 
that he has appealed to me, and I, yielding to the 
impression, have given way; and the Senator 
from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] says that I did not 
hear a better speech than [ should probably-have 
made myself. That will do for him to say; not i i 
for me. [Laughter.] I do not, mean to occupy 
I desire to state that I wish to address the • 
Senate upon this subject, notat great I 
desire some convenient opportunity to do it; but 
while I arn up now, permit me to say that I have i 
becn listening from the first day of' the session 
until to-day, this moment, to hear from the other 
side of the Chamber just exactly so sensible a 
speech as the Senator from Virginia has just made. 
I certainly had 
my speech of the 21st instant. 
I did not so understand him. 
I knew he 
not. 
could not. But I will say that I was rnuch grat- 
ified with the rnani.fi.•station of a I 
know he frels—to reconcilc the unhappy differ- 
ences which are dividing and breaking u D the 
For that I thank hitn. And I a have ! 
country. 
never, so far as am concerned, anywhere inti- 
matcd that my colleague could or would indorse 
nor had I any I 
all the sentiments of my sieech; 
reason to believe that he wras satisfied with all the 
fcaturcs of the proposition of the Senator from 
Kentucky, or that submittcd by myself; but hc 
did say, substantially, that he was willing to make 
those propositions a basis of adjustment, alli(.l to 
cro to any reasonable length to accomplish the 
' dcsircd end. But enough of that point. 
•Now, sir, I shall not follow the distinguished 
Senator frorn Virginia through all his remarks. 
When he announced the fact that the expression 
the making of concessions, had 
concession,' 
become as familiar as househo}d words, he offered 
a sufiicient apology for the use I made of it on this 
occasion. Bat, sir, I say Inorc: we Ilia y as well 
' 100k at question practically. Everybody 
knows that there are very decided differences of 
*tand with arms in théir hands; who fn•e into your 
vessels; who capture your soldiers; who seize 
your property; who rob your Treasury, that you 
are to have peace; and if this country has 'received 
a shock from which it will not recover in genera- 
tions, it is because of a craven spirit on the part 
of this great Government. Let it put itself in a 
position to be respected and obeyed, and it wiil\ 
have the respect of the world and the obedience 
of its citizens. 
I am also charcred with thc presentation •of 
another petition from John Van Cleve,' William 
Cliffe, and N. Hawlcy, citizens • of the United 
States, who were appointed, at a meeting of. the 
Southern Illinois Conference of the Methodist 
Episcopal Chu rch to rnemorialize Congress, which 
they have done, setting forth various grievances 
to which members of that religious persuasion 
have been subjected; and, arnong other things, 
they state that a conference of tlheir Church in 
Texas, presided over by a bishop, was broken up 
by a mob on the Lord's day, and II-mt a gentle- 
Inan, by the name of Anthony Bewley, was hung 
at Fort Worth, his only critne beii')g his connec- 
tion with our church as one of its ministers.' 
'They go on to ask that, in any corn pron'iise which 
ma.y bc made for the preservation of the Union, 
opinion, which seriously involve the peace of the it may be adopted, as a part of the basis of such 
compromise, that no person shall be proscribed 
country. The Senator says very justly that Vir- 
'I'hat, together with the telegraphic report which I 
saw in the newspapers, signed by the illustrious ainia only claims her constitutional rights; that for his religious opinions; and that when violent 
Senator from Illinois—no -disparaoement to my she asks no concession. The Senator knows that persccutions for opinion's sake shall be prae- 
ticed, the person or persons so offending shall be 
friend yonder, [Mr. TRUMBULL„I and the venerable there are differences of opinion as to what those 
Ser)atot• from Kentncky; no disparagement to my constitutional rights are. 'I'ho other side of the punished; and they ask that their rights may be 
young friend yonder, [MI'. rne Chamber claim the right to interdict slavery in protected, as welfasthc rights ofthe Church which 
think there is somethinginthcannounccmcnct.he,y the Territorics. Virgihians clain-l that they have 
have made; that there is a good prospect of union a constitutional right- to go into the Territories, and protection throughout the United States. 
and take their slaves with them. That is the point move that these petitions lie on the table• 
upon this subject, when I hear the remarks that 
have just becn made by the honorable Senator.fl of difFercnce, and I suppose that when Senators! The motion was agreed to. 
Thc PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. POLK in 
from Virginia. 'They express, in better language i talk about concessions in the pressino• exigencies 
which surround us, they mean that they yield the chair.) fl'he motion made by the Senator 
than I cöuld possibly utter, (because, however 
correctly I may think, the Senator is more fluent a. portion of their own peculiar opinions, not only from Pennsylvania [Mr.-BIGLER] to print the mc- 
