1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
639 
Lane, Latham, Morrill, Polk,- Rice, Sebastian, Seward, 
Sinnnons, Sünnrers Truinbnll, Wade, Wigtäll, Wilkinson, 
and VVilson—37. 
N AYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Clingman, Fes- 
sen(len, Green, HUnter, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Ma- 
son, Nicholson, Powell, Saulsbury, and Thomson—M. 
So the bill was passed. 
TERRITORY OF IDAHO. 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The Senator 
from Arkansas moves that the Senate proceed to 
the consideration of executive business. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There a 
good many nominations that ought to be disposed 
of; I know of at least one of importance that 
ought to bc referred promptly. 
Mr. GREEN. The motion is not debatable; 
Mr,GREEN. I move to take up the bill but. 1 will say that I think •yve can get through 
provide a temporary government for the Terrie with this bill in half an hour, and there -will be 
tory of Jefferson, merely for the purpose of mak- 
ing it a special order. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. GREEN. There is a special order for 
to-morrow; private bills will come up on Friday; 
perhaps the Senate will not sit on Saturday; there 
IS a special order for Monday; and therefore 
move to make this bill the special order for Tues- 
day at one o'clock. 
Mr. COLLAMER and Mr. WILSON. Why 
not go on with it now? 
Mr. GREEN. If the Senate will indulge me 
five minutes, I think they will take it up now. 
Mr. SEWARD. Take your five minutes. 
Mr. GREEN. have conferred with a gen- 
tleman from there who desires a change of the 
boündaries. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I have that in writing here. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 ask for the readine of bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S. 
No. 366) to provide a temporary government for 
the Territory of Colorado, is now before the Sen- 
ate as in Committee of the Whole. 
Several SENATORS. That is not it. 
Mr. GREEN. That was the way it was re- 
ported last session. This session *seve agreed to 
change the name to .Tefferson. Now there is an 
intention to move a different name. I care notll- 
ing about the name. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman allow 
me to move that change now ? 
Mr. GREEN. I wish to propose a substitute 
I offer what I hold In my hand as a 
to the bill. 
substitute, because I think it is more simple, and 
I have made some little changes; one in the boun- 
dary, and one in a clause, which •I will name to 
theSenate, so that they may understand it. 'Ilhis 
when admitted 
change is to strike out the words, " 
as a State, they may come in with or without 
slavery. " 
Mr. COLLAMER. In all other respects is it I 
the same ? 
Mr. GREEN. I think it is; but it may be read 
I think it ought to be read; for 
and compared. 
we ought to legislate understandingly. I send to 
the Chair a substitute for the whole bill. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire to amend that 
substitute merely in the name. I move, at the 
no diffculty then in going into executive session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas. 
The motion was not to. 
The PRESIDING OfrFICER. The quéstion 
is on the amendment of the Senator from Vermont 
to the amendment offered by the" Senator from 
Missouri, and upon that question the yeas and 
nays have been ordered. 
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not like either name. 
I vote 
I I prefer to call it Jeffersonia to either. 
against this amendment. 
Mr. LA NE. I an-I sorry that any motion was 
If it had been Idaho 
made to change the name. 
originally, perhaps I should never have objected 
to it. 'l'hat is said to be an Indian word, and to 
have a signification—gem of the mountains. I do 
not believe it is an Indian word. It is a corrup- 
tion. No Indian tribe in this nation has that word, 
in Iny opinion. 
Mr. COLLAMER, Ido Indian. 
Mr. LANE. It is a corruption certainly, a 
counterfOit, and ought not to be adopted. I vote 
nay. 
Mr. CAMERON, (who at first voted in the 
I change my vote to gratify my friend 
negative.) 
from Vermont, who understands this subject a 
great deal better than I do. I have great faith in 
hirn. 
VI'he result was announced—yeas 24, nays 13; 
as follows: 
Bingharn. Bragg, Cameron, 
An I hony, 
Chandler, Clark, Collülner, Dixon, l')ooliftle, Durkce, Fes- 
Pea i•ce, Polk, 
enden, Foster, Grilnes, Latham, IMorrill, 
Seq:ard, Sunnier, 'I'cn Eyck, 'Erumbull, Wade, VVigfaiå, and 
Wilson—24. 
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, l)ouglas, Fitch, Green, 
Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Lane, Mason, Powell, Rice, 
Sau.isbury, and 13 
So the amendment to the amendment was 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now is on the substitute offered by the Senator 
from Missouri, which will be reacl. 
The Senret.ary proceeded to read the substitute, 
to strike out all of the bill after Ihe enacting clause, 
and to insert in lieu thereof: 
'l'hat all that part of the territory of the United States 
m - ii included within the limits, to wit: coniinencin«r 
request of the people of that country, that whete 
on the thirty-seventh paraNel of nortll latitude, where the 
ever the name of Jefferson occurs, "Idaho be sub- 
twenty-fifth Ineridian of longitude west fi•orn Washington 
stituted for it. 
crosses the saune•, thence north, on said meridian, to the 
Mr. GREEN. Several citizens from there came 
[Ortv-fir.<t parallel of lat,itude ; thence along said par- 
to rue, and desired the name to be Jefferson; and west to . the. thirty-third meridian of longitude west 
that was the rcagon I inserted that name; but f 
Inasmuch as 
care nothing at all about the name. 
I promised them to propose the name of Jefferson, 
I must vote against the Senator's amendment. 
Idaho is a very good name. In the Indian lan- 
gaage it signifies " gem of the mountains.' ? We 
proposed the name of Jefferson for this Pike's 
Peak region. Some. had proppscd the name of I 
Colorado, because the Colorado river is in that 
thence south, on said Ineridian, to the ' 
from Washington ; 
north line of New Mexico ; thence along said boundary liqe 
of New Mexico to thc point of intersection of its easterly 
thence easterly, on 
part with the thirty-seventh parallei ; 
said parallel, to the place of beginning, be, and the same is 
hereby, erected into a temporary governrnent by the nmnc 
of the Territory of [daba: Pronided, 'l'hat nothing in this 
act contained shail be construed to ill) pair the rights- o? per- 
indians in said 'L'er- 
ritory, shall mVi.t*a.tbereof' 
shall -peribrm,_ the duties dnd r.eeeive-: ibe emolume:nß 
superintendent of •affairs, and---sbaWaPproye all 
passed by the'Legisiative -Assembly before take. 
effect ; .he may grant pardons for offenses agailiév-'t»e_ laws. 
of said Territory, and reprieves for otmses,agaüsbthe -laws 
of 'be United Scutes until, the, decision-of the President'i•an 
be made knQwn thereon ; he :shail: commission oåiéers 
vvho shall be appointed to odice uride? _the laws of said 
ritory, and shall tukc that the -laws be faithfully-exe- 
cuted . 
SEC. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be a: 
secre_tary of said 'ilerritory, who shall reside therein, abd 
hold his ofheo for four years, unless sooner removed by the 
President of the United States ; he shall recörd and preserve 
all the laws and proceedings of the Legislaüve Assembly 
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and proceedings of 
the Governor, ill his executive department; he shall Xtéansz 
mit one copy of the laws, and one copy •of the executive 
proceedings, on or betOre the 1st day ot- December in each 
year, to the President of the United States, an(l, at thc same 
time, two copies of the laws to the Speaker 01' the House 
of Representatives and the President of the Senate, for the 
use otACongress. And in case of the deaib, rmnoval, or res- 
ignation, or other necessary-absence oc the Governor from 
the Territory, the secretary shall have power, and he. is 
hereby authorized and required, to execute and perform all 
the powers and duties of the Governor during such vacancy 
or necessary absence, or until another Governor shall be 
duly appointed to fill such vacancy. 
SEC. 4. Jind be ü further enacted, That thc legislative 
power and authority of said rrerritory shall bp vested ih the 
Governor and a Legislative Assembly. 'l'he LegislatiVe-As- 
sembly shall consist ofa Council and House of Rcpreseut- 
atives. r.l'he Council shall consist of nine Ineznbers, which 
may be increased to thirteen, having the. qualifications of 
voters as hereinaftcr prescribed, i•vhose tei•m of service 
shall continue two years. The Mousc of Reprcsematives 
shall consist of thirteen members, which tnay be increased 
to twenty-six, possessing the same qualifications as pre- 
scribed for melnbers of the Council, and whose term of ser- 
vice shall continue one year. An shall be 
made, as nearly equal as practicable, among the several 
counties or districts for the election of the Council and 
House of Representatives, giving to each section of the 
'Territory representation in the ratio of its population, (ln- 
dians excepted,) as nearly as :nay be; and the members of 
the Council and of the l•iouse of Representatives shall re- 
side in, and be inhabitants of, the district for which they 
may be elected, respectively. Previous to the first election, 
the Governor. shall cause a census or enurneration ot• the 
inhabitants of the several counties and districts of the Ter- 
ritory to be taken ; and the first election shall be held at 
such tilnc and places, and be conducted in such :nanner., 
as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and he shall, at 
the satne tune, declare the nu:nber of thé rnembcrs thc 
Council arrd House of Represent.atives to which each of the 
nun) ber of persons authorized to be elected having the high- 
est nutnber of votes in each of said council districts for 
mcnrbers of the Council shall be declared by c Governor 
to be duly elected to the Council ; and the p on or persons 
authorized to be elected haying the greatest number of votes 
for the l•louse of Representatives, equal to the number to 
which each county or district shall be entitled, shall be de- 
clared by the Governor to be elected me:nbers of the House 
of Representatives: Pro vided, 'i'hat in case of a tie be- 
, tween two or ruore persons voted for, the Governor shall 
order a new election to supply the vacancy made by such 
tie. And the persons thus elected to the Legislative As- 
scnnbly shali Ineet at such place and on such day as the 
Governor shall appoint; but thereafter, the time, place, and 
rnanner of holding and conducting a!) elections by the. peo- 
ple, and the, apportioning the representation in the several 
count,ies or districts to the Council and House of Repre- 
sentatives, according to the popu}ation, shall be. prescribed 
by lavv, as wcil as the day of the conrmenceznent. of' tbc 
regular sessions of the Legislative Assembly : Provided, 
That no one session shall excee(l the term of forty days, 
except the first, which may be extended to sixty days, but 
no longer. 
SEC. 5. and be it further enacted, That every free white 
male citizen of the Ünited States above the age of' twenty- 
one. years, who shall have been a resident of said Territory 
at the time of the passage of this act, including abose rec- 
ognized as citizens by the treaty with the Republic of Mex- 
ico, concluded February 2, 184B, and tbc treaty negotiated 
with the same country on the 30th day of Decelllber, 1853, 
son or property now pertaining to the 
ritory, so longas such rights shäll remain unextinguished by shall be entitled to vote at the first election, and shall be 
treaty between the United States and such Indians, or to eligible to any office within the. said Territory ; but the 
include any territory which, by treaty with any [ndian tribe, qualifications of voters and of holding office at all subse- 
region; but Idaho being an Indian nunc, and its 
is not, iVithout the consent of said tribe, to be included 
as so within" the territorial limits or jurisdiction of any State or 
'K (Yem of the mounta:ns, 
meaning being b 
Territory, but all sueh territory shall be excepted out of 
much mineral is found there, it may bc very appro-- i 
the boundaries and constitute no part of the 'l'erritury of 
priate. 
I(laho, until said tribe Shail signify their assent to the Prcs- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
ident of the Linitcd States to be included within the said 
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from i i ; or to affect the authority of the Government of 
Vermont, to strike out Jefferson " wherever it the United States to make any regulations respecting such 
! Indians, their lands, property, or other rights, by treaty, 
occurs in the substitute proposed by the Senator 
from Missouri, and insert " Idaho. " 
there were, on a 
'Che question being taken, 
no quorurn voting. 
division—ayes 14, noes 7; 
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
I move that 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu- 
tive business. 
Mr. COLLAMER. If gentlemen insist 
on having the yeas and nays, I desire to be heard. 
I have reasons to give for this change of name. 
It is by the desire of the people of that quarter. 
I b is not a mere matter of fancy. But if there is 
another question before the Senate, I must desist. 
law, or otherwise, which it would have been competent W 
for the Government to rnake if this act had never passed : 
Procided.further, That nothing in this act contained Shail 
be construed to inhibit the Goverrnnentofthe United States i 
from dividing said ri'erritory into two or Inore 'l'erritories, 
convenient and proper, or froin attaching any portion thereof 
to any other "I'erritory or State, : and provided-further, 'J'hat 
when adlnitted as a State, the said 'Cerritory, or any por- 
, tton of shall be received into the Union with or 
without slavery, as their constitution may prescribe at the 
quent elcetions shall be stich as shall be prescribed by the 
Legislative Assembly. 
SEC. 6. 02nd bc it . further enacted, 'l'•hat the legislative 
power of the 'Ferritory shall extend to all rightfui subject* 
of legislation consistent with the Constitution of the U nited 
States and the provisions of this act; but no law shall be 
passed intertOring with Life primary disposal of the soil ; no 
tax shall be imposed upnn the property of the United States ; 
nor shall lands or other property of non-residents be taxed 
higher than the lands or other property of residents ; nor 
shall any law be passed impairing tlje rights of private prop- 
ert.y ; nor shall any discrimination be Inade in taxing differ- 
ent kinds of property ; but alf taxation shali be in propor- 
tion to the value of' the property tuxe.d. 
SEC. 7. JInd be it further enacted, That ail toevvnship, dis- 
trict, and county officers, not herein otherwjse providéd 
for, shall be appointed or elected, as the case may be, in 
such manner as shall be provided by the Governor and Le- 
giskltive. Assembly of the 'I'errnory. 'l'he Governor shall 
, by the advice and consentof the Legislative 
nominate and 
C,ouncil, appoint all officers not herein otherwise provided 
I tune of their adniission. 
SEC. 2. ,ånd be it further enacted, That the executive for; and, in the first instance, the Governor alone Inay 
power and authority in and over said 'lierritory or Idaho appoint afl said officers, who shall bold.thciroiiices until the 
cud of tlfe first sesskon of the Leuislative Asset"bly, and 
shall bc vested in a Governor, shall hold his (Jtlice for 
shall lay oii'lbc necessary districts för members ofthe Coun- 
and until his successor shall be appohlted and 
four year:, 
cil and [Souse. of Representatives, and ail other officers. 
qualified, unless sooner removed by the President of the 
SEC. e. sand be it furthei enacted, That no member of the 
United States. 'The Governor shall reside within said 'Per- 
