640 
-Iitgiélätive'Assemblyshail-hoId-öÉ be appointéd to any offce 
Mih1Ch shall---have been created or -the sQlary -or emolu- 
ments of which shalthave been •inereased-whilc he.w-as a 
member, during the torrh- for which he was elected, and for 
One year after- the e*piration of •suchßerni ; and no person 
liölding a commission or •åppointment upder -the United 
Stiles,.eXcept postmasters, shall be member of the Légis- 
lattVé Assembly, orsball hold any ofide undeuhe govern- 
ment of Territöry. 
SEC Jhd be-it-further eoiacted', That the judicial power 
of said Territory shall be vested in a sgpreme court; dis- 
trict -eOurts, probate court.S, and"in justices"of the peace. 
The gupteme court shan consistofa chief-justice and -two 
associate justices, any two of wh•Om •shall constitute ä quo- 
rum, and who shå'll ho)d a-term-at the seat of government 
Of said Territory annually, and 'üfey shall hold: their oflices 
four years.. The said Territory shall 
'three jtidkeial districts, and a •district court 
Shan: be heta in each of said •districts by one of the justices 
Of the supieme cöurt, at such time and place as may bc pre- 
Sétibed bylaw: and the said judges shall, after their appoint- 
rhents; respeetiVeIy; reside in the districts which shall be 
asSigned them.' 'Che jurisdiction of the several courts 
hercin providcd for, both appellate and origirral, and that 
of the probate courts and of the justices of the peace, shall 
be as limited- by law: Provided, That justices of the peace 
and probate courts shall not havc jurisdiction o? any Inatter 
in controversy when thc title or boundaries-of land Inay be 
in dispute, or where the debt or sunu claimed shall exceed 
$100; and thc said supreme and district courts, respect- 
ively,shall possess chancery as well as common-law juris- 
dietion ; and authörity för redress of all wrongs committed 
against the Constitution or laws of the United States, or of 
the Territory, affecting persons or property. F,ach district 
'court, or the judge thereof, shall appoint its clerk; who shall 
also be the register in chancery, and shall keep his office 
at the place where the court may be held. Writs of error, 
bills of execption, and appeals, shall be allowed in all eases 
-from- the final decisions ot said district courts to the su- 
court, under such regulations as may be prescribed 
y-law ; but in no case removed' to-the supreme court shall 
t.ri'.ü-by jüry be€allöxved-in said court. The supreme court, 
or the justices thereof, shall appoint its own clerk, and 
every clerk shall hold his office at the fifeasure o? the court 
tbr which bc Bhan have been appointed. Writs of error, 
and appeals from the final decisions of Miid suprenne court, 
be allowed, and may be taken to the Supreme Court 
o!' the United States, in the same Inanner and under the 
saine regulations as from thc circuit courts of the United 
States, where the value of thc property, or the amount in 
controversy, to be ascertained by the oath or aftil'inatton 
of either party, or Other cmnpetent witness, shall exceed 
$1,000; except only that, ill all cases involving titlc.to 
slaves, the said writs ot• error or appeals shall be allowed 
and decided by the said supreme court, without regard to 
the valuc of the matter, property; or title in controversy ; 
an-d. except, also, that a writ of error appeal shall also be 
aHowed to the Suprclhe Cot:rt of the United States frotn 
the decision ot• the said supreMe court created by this act, 
or of any judge thereof, or of-the district courts created by 
this aet, or of any judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas 
corpus Involving the question of personal freedom; and 
ench of the said district courts shall have and exorcise the 
same jurlsdiction in all cascs arising under the Constitu- 
tion and laws of the. United States as is vested in the cir- 
cuit and district-courts of the United States ; and the said 
supreme aud district courts of the said 'I'erritory, and the 
respective judges thereof, shall and may grant writs of 
-habeas carpus in ail cases in which the satne are grantable 
by the judgog of the, United Statos in•the Digu•iet of C,o- 
ltnnbia; and the first six days of every term of said courts, 
-or BO much thereof as shall be necessary, shall be appro- 
prtated to the trial of causes arising under the said Const.i- 
tution and laws; and writs of error and appeals in all such 
cases shitli bc made to the supretnc court (It' said Territory 
'lthe said clerk shall rcceivc, 
tbc same- in other cases. 
iii all such cases, the sarne {'ec* \vllich the clerks of the dig- 
trict courts of Oregon 'I'crritory now receive for sitnilar ser- 
vices. 
*EC. ./ZILd be further cnactcd, 'llhat there shall bc ap- 
pointed an attorney tor said 'I'errit.ory, who shall continnc in 
(Alice. Ibr {Our years, unless sooner removed by thc J.)resident, 
and who shall receives the saine fees and salary as tbc at- 
torn ey of the United States the present rrert•itory of Oro- 
. Therc -shall also bc a marshal for the 'I'crritory ap- 
pointed, who shall hold his oflicc for tour years, unless 
sooner rmnoved by the President, and who shall exceut.c 
all processes issuing from the Shid cöurt.s when exercising 
their jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of the United 
he•shall pertOrrn the duties, be subject to the same 
-States ; 
regulations and pcnaltics, and be entitled to tho sarne fees 
as tbe Innrshal of the, district court of the United States for 
the present Territory of Oregon, and shall, in add ition, bc 
paid $200 annually, as a cornpensation extra scrvicc.5. 
SEC.' 11. .nnd be it further enacted, That the Governor, 
•secretary, chief justice and associate justices, attorney, and 
marshal, shall be nominated and, by and with the advice 
and' consent of-the Senate, appointed by the President of 
the United Slates. 'i'he Governor and secretary to be ap- 
pointed as aforesaid shall, before they act as such, respect- 
ively take an oatb• or affirmation betOre the district judge, 
or some justice of the peace in the limits of said Territory 
duly authori'Zéd to administer oaths and afljrmations by the 
laws now in force therein, or before the chief justice or 
some assoeiate justice of thc Supreme Court of the United 
States, to support the Constitution of the United States and 
fitithftilly to discharge the dutiesof their respective offices ; 
which said oaths, when so taken, shall be certified by the 
person hy whom the sarne shall have been taken, and such 
certificates shall be received and recorded by the secretary 
mnong tbc exeeative proceedings; and the- chief justice 
-and assoeiatc justices. and all other civil officers in said 
rrcrritory, before they act as such, shall take a like oath or 
afiinnation before the said Governor or secretary, or so:ne 
judge or justice of the peace oc the Territory may be 
duly cormnissioned and qualified, which said oath or affrm- 
ation shall be certified and transmitted by the person taking 
the same to the secretary, to bc by him recorded as afore- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30. 
said ;-and afteiwards the like:oatb or-. amrmaUon shan be 
taken, certified, and recorded in such manner and -form as 
may be Wréscribed-bV -låW. The Govérnor shall' receive an 
annual salary of $Ü,500 as Governor, and $1,000 as super- 
intenderjt of Indian affail$ the chief justice and asso- 
elate justices shall each receive an annual salary of $Li,800 ; 
the secretary shall receive an annual salary of $1,800. The 
said salaries shall be paid quarter-yearly, at the' Treasury 
of the United States. The members of the Legislative As- 
sembly shall be entitled to receive three dollars each per 
day during their attendance at the session thereof, and three 
dollars for every twenty miles' travel in going to and re- 
turning from the said sessions, estimated according to the 
nearest usually traveled route. There shall be apprÖpriated 
annually the sum of $1,000, to be- expended by the Gov. 
er_nor, to defray the contingent expenses of the Territory. 
There shall also be appropriated annually a sufficient sum, 
to be expended by the secretary of the Territory,and upon 
an estimate to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury of 
the United States, to•defray the expenses of the Legislative 
Assembly, the printing of the laws, and other incidental 
expenses ; and the secretary of the 'I'erritory shall annually 
account to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United 
States for the Inanner in which the aforesaid sum shall have 
been expended. 
SEC. 12. .Rnd be it further enacted, That the Legislative 
Assembly of the 'I'erritory of Idaho shall hold its first ses- 
Sion at such time and place in said Territory as Ibe Gov- 
ernor thereof shall appoint and direct; and at said first 
session, or as soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, 
the Governor and Legislative Assembly Shan proceed to 
locate and establish the seat of government for said Terri- 
tory at such place as they may decrn eligible ; which place, 
however, shall thereafter be subject to be changed by the 
said Governor and Legislative A-ssenibly. 
SEC. 13. and be it further enacted,. 'i'hat a Delegate to 
the I-louse of Representatives of t.he Ufiited States, to serve 
during each Congress ot• the United States, may be elected 
by the voters qualified to elect members or the Legislative 
Assembly, who shall be entitled to the same rights and priv- 
ileges as arc exercised and enjoyed by the Delegates from 
the several other Territories of the United States to the said 
House of Representatives. Thc first election shali be held 
at such tilne and places, and be conducted in such manner, 
as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and at all subse- 
quent elections, •the times, places, and manner of holding 
elections shall be prescribed by lavv. 'The person having 
the greatest number of votes shall be declared by the Gov- 
cruor to bc duly ekected, and a certificate thereof shall be 
Diven accordingly. 
I •I. "Ind be it further enacted, "I'hat when the land 
SEC. 
in said 'Perritot•y shaft be surveycd, under the direction of 
the Goverrunent, of the United States, to bring- 
into market, sections nunlbered sixteen and 
ing the satne 
thirty-six in cach township in said 'I'crritory shall be, and 
the sarne is hercby, reserved for the purpose of being ap- 
plied to schools in the States hereafter to be erected o"utof 
thc stune. 
SEC. 15. vand bc it further enacted* That temporarily, and 
until otherwise provided by law, the'Governoe• ot• said Ter- 
ritory Inay define the jud ic.ial districts ot• said 'L'errit.ory, and 
assign the judgcs who tnay be appointed Ibr said rrerritory 
to the. several districts, and also appoint the times and 
places for holding courts in the several counties or subdi- 
visions in each of said judicial districts by proclamation to 
bc issued by hitn ; but the Legislative Assembly, at their 
first or any subsequent session, may organize, alter, or 
IH0diCy such judicial districts, and assign the judges, and 
alter the times and places of holding the courts, as to them 
shall seem proper and convenient. 
Sec. 16. Jlnd bc it further enacted, That the Constitution 
an(l all laws ot- the United States, which are not locally 
inapplicable, shall have the same force and effect within 
t.he said 'Territory of Idaho as elsewhere within the United 
States. 
SEC. 17. and be it further cnactcd, 'I'bat tbc President of 
the IJnited States, by and with the advice and consent of 
the Senate, shall be, and hc is hereby, authorized to ap- 
point a surveyor geileral (Or Idaho, who shall locate his 
otiicc at such place as the Secretary of t.hc Interior shall 
frotn time to tune direct, and whose duties, powers, obli- 
gations, rcsponsibUitics, c.o:npensation, and rot' 
clerk hire, ('flice rent, fuel, and incidcntal expenses, shall 
be the satne as those of' t.he surveyor ereneral of New Mex- 
ico, under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, 
and SUCb instructions as he may froni time to time deem 
it advisable to give him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on adopting the amendment as a substitute for 
the bill. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire 
if the substitute will be open to amendment after 
it has been adopted? 
Mr. GREEN. It will; in the Senate. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. But not in committee. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will in the Senate, 1 
understand. 
Mr. GREEN. Certainly. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so, 1 will not 
obiect. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The bill wasreported to the Senate, as amended. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ido not know that 1 have 
any objection to this bill; but, it seems to me, we 
ought, at least, to have it read. I have been try- 
to •get a copy of it, and have sent twice for It. 
If Vit is printed, i am unable to get it. 
Mr. GREEN. It has been read. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire 
if it is the same as the printed bill. 
Mr. GREEN. It is not. The boundaries were 
changed; the name has been changed; :and there 
has been. one proviso stricken out. it can be read; 
if the Senator wishes to hear it. 
M•. TRUMBULL. 1 do not wish to take up 
tim in asking it to be read at the Secretary's 
ta e. I should like to. see it, 
It is a very im- 
rtant bill, and it seems to me is receiving very 
ttle consideration. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, 1 will call 
e attention of the Senator from Missouri to a 
provision here that strikes me as being peculiar. 
It is among the powers of the Legislature: 
Nor shall any discrimination Me made in•taxing different 
kinds of property." 
I think it 
We all see what that is aiming. at. 
will be attended with consequences very incon- 
I have never known of any legislature 
venient. 
of any civilized country that would not discrim- 
inate In taxation between different kinds of prop- 
erty. Usually, property for schools and edu- 
cational purposes, and charitable purposes, is 
exempted from taxation. It is usual to exempt 
mechanics tools , libraries, cemeteries , and various 
kinds of property, from taxation. Here is a pro- 
vision that there shall be no discrimination, and 
It strikes me it is 
that all must be taxed alike. 
I do not think it is founded-upon 
very peculiar. 
principles of justice, or upon sound public policy. 
if these people are capable of self-government, 
and capable of levying taxes on property to sup- 
port their government, I presume they are just as 
capable of discriminating on those subjects as théy 
would be if they lived in a State. I do not know 
why they should not be. I suppose they were 
capable of self-gove.rnment before they went there; 
and if they were, I do not know why they are 
less so when they get there. I am willing to have 
no provision on this subject; but this is a peculiar 
provision that is introduced in the bill. 
I only 
call attention to it. No argument is made about it. 
Mr. GREEN. The Senator misconstrues the 
provision. Nearly every State constitution has 
a similar provision, that all property subject to 
taxation shall be taxed in proportion to its value; 
but that does not say what sort of property shall 
be subject to taxation. You may tax one kind 
of property or one person's property, 
Mr. COLLAMER. Let thatprovision be read. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will call for the of 
the wholc sixth section, and then the Senate will 
observe the bearing of it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sixth sec- 
tion will be read. 
The Secretary read it. 
Mr. GREEN. My recollection is, that that 
provision was in the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and 
I think this is copied from that. It does not mean 
what the Senator from Illinois imagines. All 
States say that property subject to taxation must 
be taxed according to its value. This is intended 
to make no discrimination between different kinds 
of property. You may exempt your school- 
houses, you may exempt various other pro_perty, 
but whatever property is subjected to taxation 
must be taxed alike. That is all it means. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 think the Senator is mis- 
taken in supposing that this was copied from the 
If it was, I should not 
Kansas-Nebraska bill. 
have deemed it necessary to call the attention of 
the Senatc to it, because it would not have been 
I think he will find that 
an unusual provision. 
there are two provisions here that are not to be 
found in any other territorial bill. One is, nor 
shall any law be passed impairing the rights of 
private property;" and the other, nor shall any 
discrimmation be made in taxing different kinds 
of property." think he will find that these pro- 
visions are peculiar, and now proposed to be in- 
troduced into the territorial system for the first 
time. As to the first provision, " nor shall any 
law be passed impairing the rights of private prop- 
I suppose there is no objection to it; but I 
I Fßesume any court 
, see no necessity for it. 
would declare void a law impairing the rights of 
private property; but it is to have a peculiar sW- 
nificance from the connection that it has here. 
We all see what it is aimed at. I. merely call 
attention to it, and let the Senate vote upon it. I 
have m own o inions on the question. 
Mr. &REEN! If anybody thinks that pro- 
vision is •w.rong, he may vote against it. 
If any 
one wishes to invest them with authority to im- 
I pair the rights of property, let him move to strike 
