1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
647 
II 'I'he object of my inquiry wras to ascertain the 
time. The Chair would state that the morninrr 
probableexpenditurc which will be incurred under 
hour is now running. 
I should dislike very much to sce no 
this bill. 
Mr. COLFAX. If the hour is run- 
ning, I must enter my protest a(yainst everything service put by the Postmaster General upon post 
but the regular order of business. 
I have 110t 
heretofore objected; but I cannot consent that the 
•morning hour shall be occupied in this way. 
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to 
the consideration of the bill of the gentleman from 
Vi rginia? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we ought to settle 
Immediately after the Journal is 
this matter. 
read, it is the duty of thc Speaker, I believe, to 
announce the regular order of business; and I 
It is very u k - 
the morning hour commences. 
pleasant to havc to make these objections.- 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
The House then proceeded to the consideration 
of the regular order of business, being the consid- 
eration of the amendments of the Senate to the 
post route. bill. 
The SPEAKER stated the pending question to 
be on the amendment offered yesterday, by Mr. 
PHELPS, to the twentieth section of the Senate 
amendment. 
Mr. PHELPS. have availed myself of my 
right, under the rule, to modify my amcndmcnt 
I therefore desire that it be 
in some particulars 
read. 
'The Clerlc read the amendment as modified, 
as follows: 
After the word year," in line five of section twenty of 
the Senate amendtncnts, strike out the word* 'i' rescrving 
to the Govern:ncnt the privilecc of annulling the, contract 
after the comntencement ofthé overland service upon sixty 
days' notice," and insert., which shall tcrminate on the 
tirst day of Augnst next; but if the mail servicc in the last 
oree.eding section shall not cotnmcncc on thc day above 
named, then said contract shall be annulled, and the Post- 
master General may then provide for the continuance of 
said steamship service for another year." 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 will state the object of the 
amendment. The House has already decided to 
provide for the establishinent of a daily overland 
It is expected that the 
mail to the Pacific ocean. 
service will commence by the 1st of July next. 
My amendment provides that the service may 
commence by the 1st of Atæust•, and that if it 
does not commence at that time, whatever con- 
tract thc Postmaster General may have entered 
into, shall be annulled by reason of the failure of 
the contractors to enter on the service at thatqime. 
I have also provided in the amendmcnt that I sub- 
mit, that the present mail steamship service from 
New York to San Francisco shall be continued 
until the 1st of August next; and in the event the 
daily mail service shall not commence on the 1st 
of August next, then, the contract beincr annulled, 
the Postmaster General shall havc the right to cx- 
tend his contract for twelve months will the mail 
steamship company for the performance of this 
ocean service. 
In connection with this matter, I desire to make 
all inquiry of the chairmafl of the Committee on 
thc Post Ofhce and Post Roads, upon another 
branch o? this subject. There arc many interior 
post routes provided for in this bill, besides the 
i desire to bc informed by 
•ovcrland mail routes. 
r..hc gentleman frorn Indiana, if he call (Tive me the 
information, what is the estimatc cost of the scr-_ 
7ice to be performed upon the new routes pro- 
poscd to bc established? 
Mr. COLFAX. I admire the pertinacity with 
which tho gentletnan from Missouri fightk this 
entire bill: although my rule always is, when out- 
voted, to give in as gracefully as possible. He asks 
ine a question in regard to the interior post routes 
that have becn put into this bill at the request of 
members all over the country. I do not know 
know that they cannot bc 
what they will cost. 
put in oporation until Congress sees fit to appro- 
priate money for them; but take pleasure in tell- 
ing tho gentleman that the most costly of the in- 
terior mail routes are those which havc been put 
into the bill by the Committee on the Post Offce 
and Post Roads at his request. 
Mr. PHELPS. am much obliged to the gen- 
principally in my own State, with one exception, I 
which extends to a Territory. But the gentleman 
is not very well posted as to the cost of the mail 
service of the country, when he declares that tho 
cost of the mail service in Missouri pro rata ex- 
ceeds that of the other States of the Confederacy; 
on the contrary, it is less. 
routes which arc important and necessary, where 
the country is noii,r inhabited, in order that this 
overland mail service may be established from the 
frontier States to the Pacific. Such a state of 
things may exist that, in thc anxiety of the Post- 
master General to carry out the principles of the 
Chicago platform, he rnay be willing to establish 
n daily overland mail route at the expense of 
$800,000; and that, in consequence, he will not 
be able to establish the inland routes now re- 
quired. 
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, large portion 
of •the remarks of my friend from Missouri were 
not very germane to his amendment, which is in 
regard to the steamship service. 
I can only say 
what he knows, that the routes put in the last 
post route bill, passed in 1858, vy•erc not put into 
operation till 1860. Tho routes in this bill can- 
not bc put into operation until Congress appro- 
priates fbr them. We perform our duty in cstab- 
lishing routes. Subsequently, on asccrtaining 
the cost of the scrvicc from the Postmaster Gen- 
oral, Congress may make appropriations to put 
service upon them. One word now in relation 
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from 
Missouri, to which, however, his speech did not 
relate. MI e provide in the section, that the Post- 
master General shall be authorized to provide 
temporary steamship service, at a cost not ex- 
cccdinff $350,000, which is to be stopped after 
sixty days' notice, upon thc commencement of 
the overland mail contract. T hc gentleman did 
not yesterday quote that section exactly. We 
say that the daily overland mail service shall com- 
menc.e. on the Ist• of .Tuly, ' 'or as soon thereafter as 
If the gentleman from Missouri would 
possible." 
be consistent with the argument which he made 
ycstcrday, the latest moment at which this daily 
overland service should go into operation, even as 
late as October, would be acceptable to him, be- 
cause that would effect a saving to the Govern- 
ment. He ought to endeavor to Ict the overland 
mail service •go into operation at as latc a day as 
possible. The gentleman 's amendment of to-day 
right in the teeth of his artFtunent of yesterday. 
This explanation is, I think, suflicient. MT ith it 
I move the previous question. 
The previous question was seconded, and thc 
main question ordered. 
The question was first taken on Mr. PHELPS'S 
amendment to the amendment; and it was not 
agreed to. 
The question recurred on the Senate amend- 
inent, as amended; and it was concurred in 
Mr. COLFAX Inoved to reconsider the vote 
bv the amendment was concurred in; and 
also moved to lay thc motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
DEFTCIL'NCY DILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Afeans to report back the 
act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations 
for the service of the fiscal year ending Junc 30, 
]ö61, with the Senate amen«lnents thereto, and 
I to ask that it be printed, and postponed till to- 
morrow. 
It was so ordered. 
POST ROUTE BILL—AGAIN. 
am instructed by the committee Ito recommend 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. 1 have been 
aware, Mr. Speaker, that that would be the re- 
port of the Committee on the Post Office and Post 
Roads; but I would still urge on the Housethe 
importance of making this appropriation and of 
establishing this route. Those who a-rc in favor of 
the route have not objected to improving the car- 
rying of the mails on the central route; although 
that measure had much opposition in consequence 
of therc being an existincr route—to wit, the But- 
terfield route. It seems to me that idea ot 
providing mail service for the north of our coun- 
try, from Lake Superior to the western terminus 
proposed in this section, by a road running four 
hundred miles south, is not equal to the magni- 
tude of thc subject; nor does it show a proper 
appreciation of out' growing interests in that quar- 
ter. But, Mr. Speaker, granted that we have no 
northern mail route; grant.cd that the effort is 
made to supply Oregon and Washington, and the 
country castward to Nebraska by the central 
I find that, by that route, It will require 
route. 
some twenty-nine or thirty days to reach Puget 
Sound; while, by the northern route proposed in 
this section, it will require but from twenty _to 
twenty-six days. To supply the northern por- 
tion of Oregon, by the central route, it. will re- 
quire twenty-seven days; by the northern route 
from twenty-one to twenty-seven days. Take 
the large and flourishing settlements of the inte- 
rior of Washington Territory. By the central 
route it will require thirty-ninc days; while, by 
the northern route, it would but require twenty 
days to supply Colville. The territory on the 
Walla-Walla—the center of army operations of 
the dc )artment of Oregon—would require by the 
centra route thirty-four days, and by the north- 
ern route eighteen days. 
But I call the attenti01) of the House to another 
fact. When the mail matter exceeds onc thou- 
sand pounds in weight, thirty-five days is allowed 
by the central route, whereas by this section, all 
the mail matter is required to be carried through 
in twenty days; so that we could get mail rnatter 
to the several points of Washington and northern 
Oregon meritioned, from fifteen to thirty days 
quicker by the northern than by the central route. 
I call the attention of the House also to the 
fact, that on this northern route we have large 
publ ic in terests—in terests connected with the man- 
agement of the Indian tribes, intercsts connected 
We have along 
with the service of thc troops. 
this routel m•ge military posts. There are posts 
on the Red River of the North, at Colville, and 
the Walla-Walla. There are several Indian res- 
ervations in the interior, in the immediate vicinity 
of the route, besides many settlements. If, there- 
fore, you give the communications required to 
carry on the public service, this northern mail 
route is of the greatest consequence. 
But I call the attention of the House to another 
consideration. By thc northern route, mails can 
be sent to Colville in twenty days, while by the 
central route it requires thirty-nine days. Coi- 
ville is the great cent.er of northern Washington, 
connected with the growing regions of British 
It is a point whence men and sup- 
Columbia. 
plies for British Columbia arc sent, and is a nat- 
ural center of its trade and commerce. By the 
northern overland mail route, reaching to Puget 
Sound, connection is made with Vancouver's Isl- 
and; and this is an additional reason, showing 
the importance of thc northern overland mail 
The House again resumed the consideration of 
route. 
the post route bill; the question being on the fol- 
I will briefly advert to another consideration. 
lowing Senate amendment: 
-w o who are jiving on that route fccl that we can 
appeal x,vith confidence to Congress for its estab- 
Add thc following as an additional section : 
SEC. 21. Jind be it further enactcd, That the Postmaster 
I lishment as a measure simply of justice to us. 
General be, and hc is hereby, authorized and directed to 
provide for the conveyance entire United States mail Every onc is perfectly well aware of the influence 
of overland mail routes in the way of developingy 
weekly from St. Paul, Minnesota, via St. Cloud, and from 
Superior, u,'isconsin, via Crow Wing, to the in the resources and cxtendinff the settlements of the 
Oregon, with a branch to Seattle, on Puøet Sound, with the 
country. On that idea, in part, these routes are 
usual preémption right, not to exceed one, quarter section 
of land for each station, provided that this grant of pre- supported and advocated in Congress. TI'IC refu- 
i sal, to the northern portion of the country, ofa 
etnption shall not extend beyond six years from the pas 
sage of this act, and said preetnption shall not exceed one ! 
is not only a refusal to assist us in the 
quarter section för each twenty milcs of said route: Pro- of our recrion of country, l.)üt is ab- 
exceeding $200,000, and tbc trip to be performed in twenty ! solutely an injury and oppression. The granting 
I the northern overland mail route will lead to em- 
days; the service to expire on the 1st (lay of July, 1866. 
Mr. COLFAX. With the most earnest desire igration from the Lakes to Puget Sound, and will 
on the part of the committee to accommodate our tend to develop the whole intermediate region. 
friends in N.linnesota and on the Pacific coast, Deny us this route, and emiøration will be diverted 
to the central route, tending to the developmentof 
yet in the present condition of the Treasury, I 
