THE QONGRESSIONA-L GLOBE. 
653 
not exert all the energies conferred upon them in 
its prevention. Upon the members of the Thirty- 
Sixth Congress of the United States rests the des- 
tiny of this Republic; and to you the future his- 
torian will point perpetually either the finger of 
scorn and contempt, or will deeply inscribe your 
names upon the dial-plate of our country 'S records 
as the sure gnomon that is to indicate upon its 
face its perpetual motions through the annals of 
time. 
You cannot scrccn yourselves behind the flimsy 
gauze ofa want of example; for the last eighteen 
hundred years have borne. down before them the 
wreck of empires, kingdoms, and republics. They 
have risen, culminated, and fallen ; and can we close 
our eves against the causes which have brought 
about' such fatal revolutions; and can we fail to 
profit by their precept, and evade the rock upon 
which they split? And do they not stand as buoys 
and beacon lights even in their darkness and deso- 
lation to point us toa surer harbor of safety? Six 
stars of various magnitude have glided solemnly, 
though certainly, from our constellation, where, 
but a few days since, they reposed in peaceful se- 
curity in their places; and nine others are sho-v- 
ing evident signs of the disturbance of the center of 
their system ; and yet, we are merely disinterested 
and deliberate spectators of this disruption, while 
the whole civilized world is looking with horror 
and astonishment upon our inactivity and indif- 
ferencc. And again, sir; heretofore the genius of 
the nation has always been suffcicnt for every 
emergency; and this can be successfully met, if 
we present before it but a bold front. I have tried 
to study the destiny of the Republic. I have tried 
to examine, carefully and candidly, the causes of 
the present discontent and distrust; and I now 
believe that none that have yet transpired have 
been sufficient to justify secession and separation. 
And believe the national Government possesses 
the inhcrent power, by the laws and Constitution 
of the United States, to prevent a. State or States 
from seceding, and to bring any State back into 
thc Union, even after its separation. But I be- 
lieve, also, that every means should be resorted to, 
within the grasp of' our power, to bring back the 
erring member into the family of States before 
an appeal to force. It is the duty of the states- 
man and patriot to examine thoroughly the causes 
of the existing evils, whether they are either real 
or imaginary, and to act at once, without hesita- 
tion or delay, and remove and correct them. 
I would understand that this Union is a con- 
tract; that no State can come into the Union with- 
out the consent of t,he other States; and once she 
takes her stand as one of the parties of this Con- 
federacy, she cannot leave it without the consent 
of the other States; and any attempt to do so is 
a violation of the contract. And, as we under- 
stand it, every wrong has its remedy; and if that 
be so, the only question is, how that remedy shall 
be enforced? Now, I admit to the fullest extent 
the sovereignty of the people, and the rizhts of 
the States; yet} when they come into thc Union, 
and give in their adherence to the Federal Govern- 
ment, they yield up certain rights for the benefit 
of the whole; and one of those rights given away, 
is their right, by their own consent, to resolve 
themselves back into their original element at any 
time, and at their own pleasure. Then, sir, every 
individual, yes, every State, should be held to 
strict obedience to the Constitution and laws of 
thc United States, while the legislative enactments 
of the national Go vcl'llruent are in accordance with 
hcr own Constitution. 
Sir, it would bc futile to attempt to close our 
eyes against the danger to which we are this day 
iious position? MT hy are we this day standing, 
as it were, upon the very verge of our national 
ruin? It can all be traced to the direct violation 
of the laws and Constitution of our national Union. 
Now, the Constitution of the United States 
makes express provision for Lhc recapture of fu- 
gitives from labor; and in pursuance of that pro- 
vision of Ille Constitution, the national Legisla- 
ture, in 1793, passed a fugitive slave law; and that 
act, for thc purpose of making it more effective, 
to his Attorney General, (Mr. Crittenden,) at that 
day, as now, one of the most masterly statesmen 
and best lawyers in the Union; and he, after due 
I reflection, pronounced the act constitutional. 'The 
Supreme Court of the •United States have again 
and again pronounced the same judgment upon 
the same act. 
Sir, it is an undeniable fact that the execution 
of this law has been obstructed in every manner 
that could be devised by the most masterly intel- 
lects in the Republican party. And again, sir, 
twelve sovereign States of this Unioq have inter- 
posed their legislative authority to prevent and 
obstruct the execution of that law. Now, this is 
nullification to the very fullest extent; and these 
States are as guilty as wras South Carolina in 1833. 
They have set an example of the violation of law 
that is returning upon their own heads with an 
irresistible fury. They have opened the flood- 
gates of disobedience, thgt is about to sweep before 
It to certain destruction all the elements of a well- 
organized Government. 
If a State reserved to herself the right to secede 
from the Confederacy, the conditions upon which 
she intended to secede should have been clearly 
defined nt the time she entered the compact; and 
then each State would unßerstand upon what con- 
ditions each of the other members of the family 
occupied their positions within the common circle. 
And if a State comes into the Union reservincr to 
herself thc tacit right to withdraw from the com- 
pact whenever her rights, in her own estimation, 
it is a fraud upon the other 
have been violated, 
contracting parties. Now, admit the right of a 
State to secede at pleasure, or even allow her to 
be the judge of the causes suffcient to warrant her 
separation, and it is the end of ail government, 
and system•and order are thrown into chaos and 
confusion. The Constitution of the United Slates 
provides for the admission of new States into the 
compact, but nowhere, cither by word or even 
implication, does that instrument make provision 
for the secession of a State or States; and hence 
any attempt at the same is a direct violation of that 
article. That instrument was intended to bind to- 
gether the States, and each one is an additional link 
in the great chain. All civilized society is based 
upon strict obedience to law, and hence the ne- 
cessity of establishing proper tribunals to which 
individual citizens can resort to have their rights 
established and thcir wroncys redressed. And no 
single individual can be allowed to avenge his 
own supposed injuries, for, in such a case, society 
could have no guarantee for • its safety a single 
day, and courts and juries would become a nul- 
lity If a State within the Confederacy supposes 
that the peace and safety of herself and the peace 
and safety of her institutions are endangered by 
remaining longer within the Union , she should, at 
least, submit her causes of complaint before some 
disinterested umpire, and leave it to the judgment 
important step was taken-jointly. We declared ourselVes 
a nation by a joint*di0t by several acts ; and when the terms 
of our Confederation were reduced to form, it was in-that 
that they would collectively iOrm one nation for the pur- 
pose oc conducting some certain domestic concerns and all 
relations. in the instrument forming that. Union, is 
ibund an article which declares that 'evåry State shall 
abide by the determinations of Congress on all questions 
'Vhich, by that Confederation, should be submitted to 
them.' 
But it is now too late to reason upon these im- 
portant questions, for I fear that the armless hand 
of destiny is tracing our inevitable destruction 
upon the wall in legible characters, too plain to be 
misunderstood, and that it will require no Daniel 
to be brought forth from his prison to the palace 
to give them their true interpretation. 
But, Mr. Speaker, let us examine the history 
of the past to see if we can discover the causes 
which have contributed to bring about the dan- 
gers which now threaten to rmngle in one pro- 
miscuous ruin our happy and prosperous coun- 
try. Let the question be seriously asked, why it 
is that States are seceding from the Union, and 
that this great Confederacy—the masterpiece of 
the most illustrious men that ever graced or hon- 
ored this or any other nation—has been torn asun- 
der? These present diffculties are not the spon- 
taneous production ofa day, but of the unceasing 
and untiring threats, taunts, and insults of years. 
I Bad faith, disobedience of law, and a host of other 
evils, have brought upon us our present alarm- 
ing and truly appalling condition. In pursuance 
of that provision of the Constitution for the re- 
capture of fugitives from labor, Congress, in 1793, 
defined the mode, manner, and means of recapture ; 
and, in 1850, passed an act, amendatory of that 
act, making it more effective in its operations. 
Then I ask, has this law been obeyed and en- 
forced in the northern States? Every one who 
is acquainted with the history of the country, is 
It is these acts 
ready to answer in the negative. 
of disobedience upon the part of the northern 
States, that are so rapidly alienating the two see- 
tions from each other, and digging an impassa- 
ble gulf between people that, should have always 
been one, and which demands at the hands of all 
loyal and law-abiding citizens an open condem- 
nation and reproach. 'I'vvrelve of the northern 
States have not only refused to enforce its pro- 
visions, but have actually passed laws in direct 
violation of its spirit and letter, and in h inderance 
of its execution. When a State interposes its 
legislative authority to obstruct the due execution 
and enforcement of one of the constitutional acts 
of our National Legislature, she is as guilty of 
nullification as was South Carolina in 1893. when 
she interposed her legislative authority in obstruc- 
tion of the revenue laws of the United States. 
However obnoxious a Paw may bc to our own 
sense of right and wrong, we, for the peace and 
safety of the nation, should strictly obey until tl-re 
of the same, after full examination of ail the evi- 
same is repealed, or its obnoxious features are 
dcnce in thc case. This Union, under our Con- 
If we in- 
removed by the power that created it. 
stitution and laws, was intended to be perpetual, 
tend to set at naught the laws of the State and 
and hence their silence upon all questions mvolv 
- nation to which we look for protection and safety 
because they do not meet our preconceived and- 
ing the right of separation. 
Now, sir, it was the design of the framers of 
predetermined notions of justice, let us cease to 
our national Government that we should live to- condemn the pirates that infest our high seas, plun- 
gether in perfect peace and harmony. And how- our vessels, murder the crews and unoffending 
passengers; let us ccasc to condemn the midnight 
ever obnoxious the peculiar institutions of one 
section ilia y bc to the particular traininT and edu- 
assassin that plunges his dagger to your heart 
cation of the others, it is no just excuse for com- merely to get possession of your purse; let us cease 
plaint; but, upon thc other hand, thev arc' under I to condemn thc whole catalogue of crime; for it is 
that tacit allegiance they owe to the laws and 
only a violation of law, without which it would 
Government of the nation, not only bound to tol- 
cease to be criminal. When we place ourselves 
erate their existence, but to preserve and protect ii in such a situation, we are upon a political sea 
them in their full use and occupation. And had II 
without compass or polar star. Listen to what 
exposed. But what has led us to our present per- l! this idea been kept steadily before the public 
the hexo of New Orleans says upon that question, 
mind, and had it always becn faithfully and fer- 
in the same proclamation: 
ventlyobcyed and adhered to, we should this day 
I consider, then, the power to annul a law of the, (Ini • 
have been occupying that proud position which 
ineompatible with the 
I i ted States, assunled by onc State, 
has heretofore so cnu)hatically characterized us as 
existence of the Union, contradict.ed expressly bv toe letter 
i of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent 
a nation; and we would have still been livil)ff in 
with every principle on which it xvas iOunded, and destruc- 
that harmonious union which was intended for ! i 
tiVe of the great object iOr which it was I*onned. 
us by our ancestors even before the foundation of 
Such was the opinion of Andrew Jackson at that 
our free and enlightened institutions. That great 
day, and that attempted nullification of the laws 
statesman, Andrev„r Jackson, says, in his cele- 
brated proclamation in the case of South Carolina, Of the United States he fearlessly and promptly 
suppressed; and for that. act, more than any other 
was amended or reconstructed in 1850. In every that— 
In cur colonial state, although dependent on another of his lifZ•, he has received the app,ause and ap- 
case in which t.hat act has come before any court 
probation of the people of tho whole Union. 
Powcr, we very early considered ourselves as connected 
of competent jurisdiction they have always pro- 
! I Then, sir, in this case, it is very evident that 
Leagues were EOrmed 
bv cornmon in tercst with each other. 
nounced it constitutional; and even before the 
I pendcnee, we were known in our aggregate character as the northern States were the aggressors; and, if 
President would place his signature to that act 
he presented the question of its constitutionality THE COLONIES or AMERICA.- That decisive and 'l they really, at heart, desire the preservation of 
