654 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 30, 
of Texas was taken into the IJnion, this little 
the Union, let them first correct the errors at home. 
State became so exasperated because she was not 
Let them do equity before theydemand equity at 
exclusively consulted upon the question, that, 
the hands of others. Let them come into court 
while that great State was coming in upon one 
with clean hands and pure hearts; for they laid the 
side, and swclling to vast extent this mighty 
foundation- of the present difficulties and dangers 
empire, she was threatening to leave upon the 
that now beset us, by the nullifying acts of their 
other side, and break up the equilibrium of the 
own Legislaturcs. Let the northern States im- 
Union. And to make a full exhibition of her ob- 
modiately and without delay repeal the obnoxious 
stinacy in the case, she actually placed upon her 
. laws that now are on their statute-books. Let 
State records these resolutions: 
them cease to obstruct the enforcement of the 
l. Rcsoh•ed, That Massachusetts has never delegated the 
fugitive slave law. Let the executives of those 
power to admit into the Union States or 'rerritorics with- 
States respond promptly to the legal demand of 
out or beyon& the original Territories of the States and 'Fer- 
thc southern States, and yield up the fleeing crim- 
ritories belonging to the Union at the adoption of the Con- 
inal to justice to be tried by the laws of the States 
stitution ofthc Ünited States ; and that in whatever manner 
the consent of Massachusetts may have been given or 
which' he has violated, and not undertake to ob- 
inferred to the admission of the States already, by gen- 
struct the settled comity of States by the inter- 
crabconsent. forming part of the Union, from such territory, 
position of pettifogginc technicality. Let them 
the admissidn of States, in the judgquent of Massachusetts, 
cease their incessant abuse, vilification, and mis- 
forms no precedent for the admission of 'Itexas, and can 
never be interpreted to rest on powers granted in the Con- 
representation of their southern brethren. Let 
stitution. 
them cease to make crime honorable by holding 
'co. Resolved, That there has hitherto been no precedent 
out rewards and inducements for its commission. 
of an admission of a foreign State or foreign territory into 
Let them cease to commission and send forth 
the Union by legislation ; and as the powers of' legislation 
granted in the Constitution of the United States to Con- 
their emissaries to stir up the unsuspecting slave 
gress do not cnibrace a case of the admission of a foreign 
to insurrection, to murder, rape, arson, and all 
State or foreign territory, by legislation, into the Union, such 
other crimes known and rccwnized by the calen- 
an act of admission would have no binding force whatever 
dar, not-that they havc the slightest interest in the 
on the people of Massachusetts." 
And, again: on anoLhen• occasion, they passed 
happiness and welfare of the slave, but that they 
may use hiscondition for political effect. Let them 
the following: 
cease to entice the slave from his master, and to 
Rcsolved, 'l'hat Massachusetts hereby refuses to ac- 
knowledge the act of the Government ot• the United States 
remove. him beyond his reach and control. Lct 
authorizing the admission of Texas, as a legal act in any 
them cease to cndanger the liberty and happiness 
way binding her using her utnnost exertions in eaiper„ 
of twenty-six million people to obtain that of four. 
ation with other States, by every lawful and constitutional 
Let them not sto nd up in the Halls of the national 
measure, to annul its conditions and detoat its accomplish- 
Legislature and boast that they are eighteen mil- 
men t." 
Now, sir, docs she not expressly state there 
lion strong, and they are prepared in their strength 
that she will not bc bound by the acts of the na- 
for their southern brethren If they do not submit 
tional Congress? That although passed by the 
to such terms as they may dictate. Let them 
people's representatives in Congress assembled, 
themselves be loyal to the laws, tho Constitution, 
which was presumed to be the voice of the people 
and Union, before they demand and enforce loy- 
themsetves, and although it received the signature 
alty at the hands of others. Let them do these 
of thc President of the Union, yet she takes upon 
things; for every evil which have enumerated is 
herself the responsibility of repudiating the whole 
in existence among them, and not one has, in the 
thing, simply because it does not happen to meet 
slightest dcgree, been exaggerated. 
her views of national policy? 
We have attempted thus honestly and fairly to 
Mr. Speaker, is nol this a direct disobedience 
portray to the public mind the undeniable evils 
of law, and are we not this day witnessing the 
that exist in the northern States; und for the safety 
fearful results of such destructive disloyalty, in the 
and preservation of the Union, we are decidedly 
breaking up of the mightiest nation upon heaven 's 
in favor of bringing to bear upon them all the legal 
and constitutiot)al powers of the national Govern- 
footstool? 
But, sir, wc would suppose that these New 
ment for their suppression. are two little 
England States, with the great State of New York, 
States of this Union whose incessant disloyalty 
think that the whole moral and political condi- 
has disturbed the harmony of the whole, Inore 
tion of the nation was intrusted cxclusively to 
than all the others combined. They are always 
thein ; and in all the Pharasaical sympathy of their 
imacrinincr that the hand of the oppressor is upon 
thcm, ana that their rights and liberties arc al ways 
souls, take upon themselves the responsibility of 
the same, without even the slightest Idea that they 
endangered unless they separatc themselves from 
themselves have a singlc moral evil among them, 
the Confederacy, place themselves in a posture of 
or a single political sin to answer for. Did they 
defen se,und protect themscl ves nst the assaults 
ever think that •their own common prisons are 
and tyranny of the whole force of the Union. 
c-rowded to overflowing with criminals, and that 
Now, sir, there is no man who could have a more 
thc State prisons of York contain more con- 
exulted opinion of their bravery and indepel)dcncc 
victs than all the penitentiaries of all the southern 
than myself; but it seerns to me they too fre- 
States? 
quently consider thcmsclvcs insulted to havc somc 
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, Ict me say to 
plausible prctcxt upon which they rnay have the 
my friend from Ohio, that I have. not examined the 
privilege of' insultino• the whole balance of the 
statistics 01' the prisons; but if it be as he states 
Union. From 1808, at the tirne of the embargo, 
it, I have to say they do not all come from the 
up to 1815, tl'iC close of the Insl English and Amer- 
State of New York. 
ican war, Massachusetts exhibited so much dis- 
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, 
loyalty, and so frequently threatened to separate 
will admit that Iny friend, or the people of his 
herself from thc Confederacy, that the English 
State, have never stopped to study the moral con- 
nation, presuming that she was m earnest, actu- 
dition of their own State; but they are very care- 
ally sent a fleet to her assistance, and offered to 
ful in the exhibition of the sins of other people; 
take her in charge; but as soon as she beheld the 
for, in the self-righteousness of their souls, they 
flag of her ancient enemy, she immediately rc- 
have never supposed there was any iniquity at 
turned to her allegiance under the national flag, 
their own doors. 
which is always the safest and most exalted po- 
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Speaker, let mc say to my 
sition that any State can possibly occupy. Durmg 
friend from Ohio, that the reason why there are 
the war of 1812, the whole New England States 
so many con victs in the State prison of Massa- 
rejoiced at the success of the British arms, and 
chusctts is because all persons that ought. to be 
again and again mourned over American victo- 
there arc there; while I cannot say the same for 
ries. Their journals were loud in their applause 
other States. 
of the cause of the enemy, and bold and open in 
Mr. HOWARD, ofOhi0. Mr. Speaker, do 1 
condemnation of the success of their own country- 
understand my friend from Massachusetts to say 
men; and the battles of New Orleans and the 
that all persons are in prison in his State who 
lakes were hailed by them as harbingers of evil 
ought to be there? 
If that be thc case, allow me 
and iniquity, simply because they drove from the 
to ask him if there is not a great part of his pop- 
nation its enemies, which they had become to re- 
gard their special friends. And again : Massachu- u iation there, then? [Laughter. 
] But, Mr. 
Speaker, it is not my provincc to cover up the 
setts placed upon her records a resolution at that 
evils of the people of any part of this Union; for 
time, which wo x.vill not quote here, for it was ex- 
panged in 1824, but which has placed upon her fair 
would warn these seceding southern States to 
escutchcona stain which cannotbe effaced throuoh be careful and thoroughly examine the whole 
question, to see if the case will justify the effects, 
the annals of time. 
of posterity, who is to be your judge; for recol- 
lect that Massachusetts and other disloyal States 
might have thought at the time that their injup;es 
were suffcient, and that they were suffering un- 
bearable injustice at the hands of their country; 
but they nov.,r feel that thev have placed upon 
themselves a stain that cannot bc effaced and 
washed out by time and a faithful repentance. 
And such will be the fate of these seceding• 
States; and •such will be the unputütion cast upon 
all who contribute the smallest iota in the break- 
ing up of this glorious Union of States. Look, 
sir, at their prosperity' since the beginning of the 
trade has increased from 
Government; 
to #350,000,000; their wealth has ad- 
vanced to #20,000,000,000; their population frotn 
one and one halfto twelve million; her geograph- 
ical area is nine hundred thousand square miles, 
and her prosperity has been unparalleled; her na- 
tionai position unequaled for natural advantages, 
and her political greatness is unrivaled. And 
howr has she thus swelled to such magnificent. 
magnitude? All undcr the benign influence of the 
national Government, and all under the protec- 
tion of the national flag; and can she thus break 
up the one and insult Che other? 
This is the best Governmentupon the face of the 
earth; and we do not believe that any State can find 
a just and sufficient cause to separate herself from 
it. South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Geor- 
gia, Leuisiana, and Florida, have recently, in sol- 
emn convention assembled, passed ordinances of 
secession, and no longer consider thcmsclvcs as 
part and parcel of this great Confederacy of States. 
The whole nation seems to be agitated and appalled 
from center to circumference; and a revolution 
solemnly, though certainly, seems to be making 
rapid strides in our midst. Now, sir, what has 
either one of the.se seceding States suffered at the 
hands of the Federal Government, to thus, with- 
out cause or provocation, break up a union of 
Slates that givcs protection, not only to every 
State, but every citizen of every State ? 
What is the reason assigned by each one cf 
those States for the fatal and important step so 
hastily taken? The election of Lincoln to the 
Presidency of the United States, who is a Repub- 
lican. And we must say that, however much we 
regret the occurrence of that fact, yet it is no just 
cause for the step thus taken. Now, no citlzen 
even of those States can deny that Mr. Lincoln 
was legally and constitutionally elected to that 
high position; and that being the case, it is not 
Mr. Speaker, again, at the time the great State 
not in theirown estimation, but in tbc estimation I 
only the duty of every law-abiding citizen to 
tacitly submit, but to lend all aid in his solemn in- 
according to the due forms of law, and 
then to await patiently the development of his 
administration. And then, if it does not, like the 
dews of heaven, fall alike upon ali classes, then, 
and not till then, let our voices be heard. And if 
that is-done, and the President should over at- 
tempt any overt act by which he should even 
attempt to interfere with the established institu- 
tions of any section, we pledge the sympathy and 
support of a half million of freemen to their pro- 
tection and support from the Northwest. We 
think that it is going a step too far to presume, in 
the advance of taking his seat, that the Executive 
will take any measures to apply to practice the il re- 
pressible conflict doctrine, and under that violent 
presumption to lay violent hands upon the Union 
of the States. We regret sincerely the success of 
the Republican party in the recent presidential 
campaign; but we must acknowledge that it has 
all the forms of law to support it. 
W c belicve thc seceding States do not pretend 
to bc actincr upon anything which has already 
transpired, but upon that which is to occur; and 
they are only fearful that the incoming Admin- 
istration will do something which will operate 
deleteriously upon their peculiar institution, and 
which is to result in its 'final extinction. 
President elect has said that slave and free States 
cannot exist together; that they must ail become 
that they were incornpatiblc in 
one or the other; 
principle; and must one or the qther yield. But, 
sir, every intelligent man must know that, al- 
though that assertion was made by Mr. Lincoln, 
and that upon that assertion the Republican party 
seized upon him, and, under the excitement of the 
hour, elected him President of the IJnited States, 
yet it is false, and the whole experience of our 
constitutional existence proves it to be false; for 
there are at this day more slave States than [he 
