THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
Resolutions of the State of Maine, in reference 
to national affairs. 
Resolutions of the State of Tennessee, in regard 
to the pending national difficulties. 
Resolutions of the State of New Jersey, on the 
state of the Union. 
A letter from the Secretary of the Interior, 
transmitting a list of clerks, and other employés I 
of that Department—ordered at twelve o'clock 
and twelve minutes. 
A letter transmitting information in regard to 
depredations committed by the Snake River In- 
dians—ordeced at twelve o'clock and thirteen min- 
utes. 
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit- 
ting copies of contracts with the War Depart- 
ment for 1860—ordered at twelve o 'clock and thir- 
teen rninutcs. 
Also, Ebat the House had ordered, on the 29th 
instant, the printing of the following documents: 
A mcmonal of the Legislature of Minnesota, 
for the improvement of the navigation of the Mis- 
sissippi river, from the mouth of the Minnesota 
river to the Sauk rapids—ordered at twelve o 'clock 
and twenty-eight minutes. 
A letter from the acting Commissioner of Pat- 
ents, transmitting, agreeably to the design of Con- 
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1861. 
sent is of such a length that, if extended, it would 
cross the Senate Chamber, in its extremest length, 
I have already presented memo- 
eighteen times. 
rials from the city o? New York signed by citi- 
zens of that place to the number of twenty-five 
thousand. This memorial bears the sWnatures of 
thirty-eight thousand more, making, in the whole, 
sixty-three thousand of the inhabitants of that 
city who have signed this appeal to the SQ1ate. 
The committee who have charge of this memorial 
are a fair representation-a-I miffht almost sav an 
embodiment—of the citizens wfio direct and wield 
the commerce of the great emporium of our coun- 
try, the commerce of a continent, and a connnerce 
which this present year, owino• to the distractions 
of the times, is put, for the first time, in thc con- 
dilion of proving itself to be the controlling com- 
merce of I he world. The memorial which they 
present may bc regarded as a fair expression of 
the interest which is felt by that great connncr- 
Cial community, and probably a fair exponent of 
the interest in the satne great subject which is 
felt by the whole commercial interest of the Uni- 
any other part of the world, such 
ted States. 
a communication would command obedience. In 
England, Franco, Russia, Prussia, or Germany, 
a demonstration of the will of the commerce of the 
gross, as indicated by the appropriation of June I country decides the questions of war or of peace. 
for the coilcction of agricultural sta- I Happily, sir, that is not the case in this great Rc- 
25, 1860, 
tistics, investigations for promotitv affriculture 
and rural economy, and the procuring of cuttings 
the affricultural portion of the Patent 
and seeds;" 
Olhce report—ordered at twelve o 'clock and twenty 
minutes. 
A letter from the acting Commissioner of Pat- 
ents, transmitting the mechanical portion of the 
Patent Office report—ordered at one o'clock and I 
twenty-eio•ht minutes. 
Also, that the House had ordered, on the 30th 
of January, the printing of a memorial ofa com- 
mittec of workin•-rmen of Philadelphia, asking the 
adoption of Mr. CRITTENDEN's resolutions. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, 1 
ceivod a communication from Mr. A. A. Low, 
James A. Gallatin, Peter Cooper, and others, 
are a committee of twenty-five citizens of New 
York, w bo are charged with the duty of present- 
ing to the Senate of the United States thc petition 
of thc inhabitants of that city, praying for the I 
cxet•cise of tho best wisdom of Congress in find- 
ino- some plan for the adjustment of the troubles 
which disturb tho peace and happiness and en- 
In compliance 
danger the safety of the nation. 
with their request, I waive the reading of the me- 
morial, and ask that the Senate wili indulge me 
with allowinæ to be reäd at the Secretary's desk, 
the resolutions the committee have adopted ill 
It is 
regard to the views they desire to present. 
very short. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
Report of the special c07nntittec to a meeting at the r007n,s Of 
the Chanzbe,r of Coanmcrce, Saturday, January 20, 1861. 
'ilhe special committee to -whom was assigned the duty 
of digesting and presenting a proper basis of action tör the 
cotmnittce charged with the. presentation to Congress of 
the, Incmorä•al of cit.izens of New York, praying that such 
measures Inay be adopted by Congress as will restore tran- 
quillity and peace to our nosv distracted country, beg leave 
respectfully to report : 
rl'hat, since the last meeting of the memorial conunittee, 
a legislative printed document i'as bccn received, stated 
to enrbraee propositions för an ad.iusttnent of pending dif- 
ficultics between tbe northern and southern States, agreed 
upon by a committec o? the border States. including Dela- 
ware, h'lary!and, Virginia, Keut.txcky, Missouri, and North 
ro\ina, fron-h the South ; and New Jersey, Pennsylvania, 
'l'hcsc prop- 
Ohio, and Illinois, thc North. 
acts of legislation and a:ncnd- 
ositions contern plate both 
ynents of the Constitution, a nd which, with sorne 
and which the special 
cations and additions, are as follows, 
cominittec adopt as part of this their report, I.vllicll they 
submit the consideration of tlte m ernorial connnittoe, 
and respectfully reconnnelid for thcir adoption as the basis 
of their aetion under the memorial, and in furtherance 
its objects. 
Mr. SEWARD. A'Ir. President, excepting 
House of Representatives, this Senate, Chmnbcr 
is the largest hall that is, or ever has been, occu 
pied by a legislative assembly since the world 
begnn. The memorial which I am charged to pre- 
public. T lic interest of commerce is but one. The 
interest ofarrricult.ure, manufactures, and mining, 
each of them, is anot.her. Each is entitled to, and 
each secures, equal respect; and the consideration 
which they obtain is due, not to tl'leir n umber, not 
to their wealth, but is due to the circmnstances 
under which they lend their advice to the Govern- 
ment. But I do not hesitate to say that the char- 
acter of these p'.'tibioners entitles theill 10 the re- 
spcctCul attenl:en and consideration of Congress. 
'1" hcy havc asked ine to support this petition. 
I have not yot found, though I have anxiously 
waited for and hoped for, that mnniföst.ation of 
tempet• on the part of the people of the country 
and their representatives which would justify mc 
in. saving that the seceding States, or those w 110 
them, have made propositions i 
sympathizé xvith 
which the citizens of the adhering States could 
accept; or, as I desire to speak with impartiality I 
upon this as all other occasions, to put the 
proposiLi0}l in another form, that. this or any other 
of the various propositions which have conw• from 
citizens of the adhering States, or those who de- 
sire to adhere to tho Union, won}d not bc accept- 
able and satisfactory to the. other party. I have 
thought it my duty to hold myselfopeT1 and ready 
for the best adiüstmcnt which could bc practi- 
cally maele•, anil I have therefore been obliged to I 
ask this connnittee to bc content with the assur- 
ance that I would express to the public und 10 
the Senate that the spirit in wl'iich they comc is 
perfectly commendable and i)evfcctly satisfactory. 
lb is gratifying to rne to sec that the proper spirit, 
the spirit of fraternal kindness, of conciliation and 
affection, is adopted by so large a portion of my 
fellow-citizens of the. State to which I belong. 
also, in return for perform- 
I have asked them, 
incr my du ty on this occasion , that when they have 
arrived at home, they will act in the same spirit 
and manifest their devotion to the Union above all 
other in terests and all other scut;mt'llts, speak- 
ing for the Union, by voting for the Union, and 
if it should be demanded, by lend ina and oven giv- 
intr their rnoney the Union, and' fiohting in the 
last resort for the Union, taking care always that 
speaking o•oes before votincr, volin(.r goes bcfore 
(riving n)oney, and all go before a battle, which I i 
i sl ould regard as hazardous and dangerous, and 
nercforc the last, as it won)d be the most painful 
measure to be resorted to for the salvation of the 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 42. 
settled for the Union. I have not been so rash 
as to expect that in sixty days, which have been 
allowed to us since. the meeting of Congress—and 
i will be frank, sir, in saying that I have not 
expected that in the ninety days which are the 
allotted term of Congress—this great controversy 
would certainly bé adjusted, peace restored, and 
the Union firmly reéstablished. knew, sir, that 
sixty days, or ninety days, was the torm that was 
fixed Witb definite objects and purposes by that 
portion of my fellow-citizens who have thought 
that it would consult the interests of the States 
to which they belonged to dissever the Union. 
I have not expected that reason and judgment 
would come back to the people and become so 
pervading, so universal, as that they would ap- 
preciate the danger and bc able to agree on the 
have been willing that it should 
remedies. Still, 
be tried, though unsuccessfully; but my confi- 
dence has remained the same, for this simple rea- 
son: that as I have not believed that the passion 
and frenzy of the hour could overturn this great 
fabric of constitu tional liberty and empire in ninety 
days, so I have felt sure that there would be t.ime, 
even after the expiration of ninety days, for the 
restoration of all that had been lost, and for the 
rcéstablislnncnt of all that vvas in danger. 
A great Inany and very various interests and 
elcmonts are brought into conflict in this sudden 
cusis; a a-reat rnanv personal ambitions; a great 
many sectional interests; and it would be strange 
if they could all bc accommodated arid arranged 
and harmonized, so as to admit and give full effect 
to the onc profoundest, strongest, and most en- 
sentiment or passion of the United States 
—that of devotion to the Union. These, whether 
call thct-n soccssi011 or revolution on the one 
side, or coercion or defiance on the other, are all 
to subside and pass away before tho Union is to 
become the grand absorbi2"lR object of interest, 
afl•'ectinn, and duty, upon the part of the citizens 
of the United States. A great many partisan in- 
terests arc to be represscd, suppressed, and to 
give place—partisan interests expressed by the 
Charleston platform, by the Baltimore platform, 
by the Chicago platform, und by the popular sov- 
creitrnty platform—if indeed the Union is in dan- 
ger and is to bc saved; and with thesc interests, 
and with these platforms, everybody standing 
upon tncm or connected with them is to pass 
away, if the Union is in danger and is to be saved, 
beforc the Union can bc saved. But it will require 
if this Union is in danger and 
a very short time, 
does require to be saved, f-ör all these interests 
and all thcsc platforms and ali these men te dis- 
and cvcrybody who shall 
appear. You and I, 
oppose, resist, stand in the way of the preserva- 
tion of this Union, will appear but as moths on 
a surnrncr eve, when the whirlwind of popular 
indignation arises that shall bc excited nt the full 
discovery that this Union is endangered through 
faction, or even impracticability on our part. 
I have hope, confidence, that all this is t' come 
around just as I have said, and quite soon enough; 
bccausc I perceive, although we may shut our 
eyes to it, that the country and mankind cannot 
shut their eyes to the true naturc of this crisis. 
has been a real, a vital question in this 
There 
country for twc\vc years at least—a question of 
slavc.ry in the Territories of the United States. 
It was stroneest in its development in 1850, when 
ail the Pacific coast, and ali the territory interven- 
and the Louisiana purchase, was 
ing between it 
thrown upon our hands all of a sudden for the 
purpose of our org•anizing in them free and inde- 
pendent repuk)tica-n governments as a basis of 
future States. It has been an earnest, and, I regret 
to say, an an(rry controvcrsv; but the admission 
of Kansas into Union yesterday settled at Icast 
all that ',vas vital 01' important in the question, 
Union . 
This is the spirit. in which I have determined leaving behind nothing but the passions which 
Kansas is in the 
(or mvself to c,0kne up to this great question, and the contest. had engendered. 
as i sincerely believe we shall Union; California and Oregon are in the Union; 
to pass through it, 
and now the same contest divides and distracts 
, although this great con- 
this Union for freedom and slavery in the Terri- 
- troversy has not been already settled, I do not, 
tories of the United States, just as before. 
therefore, any the less calculate upon and hope 
MT hat is the extent of ihe Territories which 
and expect that it will be pcacefully settled, and 
