660 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 understood that that sub- 
ject was to go over by common consent until this 
petition was disposed of. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. on this special 
order the Senator from California [Mr. LATHAM] 
has the floor. Does the Senator from Illinois 
make a motion in regard to it? 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 will certainly yield any 
right I have to the floor; butl wish it understood 
that i do waive the right to speak after this 
debate shall have been concluded. 
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly not. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 yield to the Senator from 
New York. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 shall detain the Senate but 
a moment. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. very well. 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, 1 have been 
surprised at the delusion which the honorable 
Senator from Virginia has been able to practice 
upon himself, and to make out ofa speech, peace- 
ful, fraternal, cordial, such as I have made, a dec- 
I cap,not account for it, howr it 
larati01) of war. 
is that, while his sense of honor rernains so clear 
and bright, as I. confess with pleasure it does— 
he avoids bv design personalities which might 
irritate—his judgment is, somehovv' or other, so 
under tl'ie influence of his passion that he can see 
nothing but war in a spaech which proposes sim- 
ply this: that since t.hié Union is in danger, every 
other question shall be subordinate to the consid- 
eration and the removal of that danger by the 
pacific, constitutional action of the American 
people; by speech first, by vote, by consi.dtation, 
by supplying and maintaining the credit of the 
Government, and, in the last alternative, after 
having exhausted all the existino• means of set- 
tlcment, and all others that might be suggested; 
, finally, after a constitutional convention of 
the United States, called in the of" the Con- 
stitution, then to stand by this good old flag, and, 
if it, is to tall from its eminence, be wrapped in its 
folds. 
Sir, that honorable Senator could have recol- 
lected that I came into the committee of thi rteen; 
tl•rat. I listened to every proposition that was rnade; 
that I gave it deiiberatc—wikl any onc say it was 
not fraternal Will any one say 
that [ offered no prejudices, no concessions, to pro- 
pitiate nn arran(renncnt? Which one of all the prop- 
ositions that have been made have I refused to 
consider? None. When I have voted to substi- 
tute a coustitutional provision for the settlement 
of this question, such as that which was offered 
by the. honorable Senator from New Hampshire, 
[Mr. CLARK,] in preference to the proposition 
which reqi_lires us to take, in an unconstitutional 
and ineffectual way, the sentiments of the people 
on the yn•oposition of the honorable Senator from 
Kentucky, did I do it in spirit otherwise than 
that which I.)clongs to a representat.ive of the pco- 
ple who seeks concessions? In regard to this very 
proceeding of' the honorable Spnat.or 's State w h 
hc so proudly connn'lends, and in terzns to which 
have I not reconunended to •own 
State, and is it not acting, in sending cornnus•- 
sioncrs to rneet the other States in that conven- 
tion? Docs not the honorable Senator know that 
the State of New York stands ready to hear and 
consider every plan, whether will)iu the forms of 
the Constitution or wilhout thmn, to settle this 
question peacefully and without resort to the 
sword, and thal I tun with the State of New York 
in that action? It is simply because I have learned 
fronx the interest in which—the honorable Senator 
—l understood him to 
will excuse me for saying 
speak, that neither any suggestion that has been 
made yet, and considered, nor any that that con- 
vcntion can make and consider and submit, or any 
other that has yet been projected, wiil be satis- 
factory to that interest of secession or disunion in 
which interest he speaks. I then have submitted 
alone that further one. 
that when all these have 
failed, then the States of this Union, according to 
the forrns of the Constitution, und in the spirit 
in which it was made, shall take up this contro- 
versy about twenty-four ne€rro slaves scattered 
over a territory of one million fifty thousand 
squar(•• Iniles, and say whether, with the honor- 
able Senator frorn Virginia, they are N.viiling to 
Mr. MASON. I will yield the floor in an in- vote and one only; the State of R.hode Island and 
stant to the Senator from Illinois. I do not know the State of Delaware will each have one vote. 
by what authority the Senator from New York That is the •way the Constitution provides for 
amendment—no popular vote. ; and if the Senator 
says that I speak in a certain interest. 
Mr SEWARD. I certainly should be very understood me to say that I never would submit 
sorry if I • have said anything unkind or diSt•e- an amendment to the Constitution to the popular 
spectful to the honorable Senator—[Mr. IVIAsoN. vote as mass, he understood rne correctly. 
I—because the relations between him N'lr. President, desired only to disclaim speak- 
' Notatall." 
and myself, cspccially his bearing on this occa- ing for any interest, or in any interest at all, ex- 
I understand the hon- i i ceptin the interest of my State, and with a know- 
sion, forbid me to do so. 
orable Senator to speak in the interest, that is, in 
behalf of—I will withdraw the word interest" 
but in behalf of, sympathy for, those citizens in 
several oc the Statcs who have availed themselves 
of the power of the States to pass ordinances of 
secession, with the intention not again to come 
into the Union of the United States, if they can 
prevent it. I beg the honorable Senator's pardon 
If I have misunderstood him. I hope he will not 
be excited by that. 
Mr. MASON. There is nothing at all to ex- 
cite in what the honorable Senator meant, or in 
I only wanted to know he 
his language. 
ascribed to Ine tho position of speakiRg in any par- 
ticultu• interest. Now, the honorable Senator, as 
I understand him, means to assume that there are 
I those who desire, as a prcferable condition of the 
country, a separation of these States; but the hon- 
oral)le Senator has no authority on earth to class 
me among them. I am speaking, sir, in the in- 
terests of the State of Virginia, as I understand 
them as her Senator; and I am speaking upon that 
class of opinions which know belong to Virginia, 
and certainly belong to me, that we will never re- 
main as const.iluents of this Confederacy unless 
there are provided, in some mode, guarantees that 
shall bc effectual, beyond doubt, for the preser- 
vatiot•n of those rights that arc necessary to our 
safety and to our honor. 
the honorable Senator knows that 
Why, sir, 
the State of Virginia, upon a great and most dis- 
turbing cause of difference between the States, has 
Inade n distinct proposition, and has said in lan- 
o•uacre, repudiating anything like diplon•nacy, that 
it is one which Virginia would accept.. 
her language. She has Inade a distinct proposi- 
tion upon this question of slavery in the Territo- 
rics, so that Senators are not uninformed of what 
one of thc States, at least, would be satisfied with 
in reft•rence to this disputed question of slavery 
in the Territories. 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from Vir- 
ginia allow rne to ask what proposition they have 
put forward to settle this question ? 
Mr. MASON. Why, sir, 
it is in the resolu- 
Lions, suhtnitt.ed hero the other day with the Pres- 
ident's message, of the General Assembly of Vir- 
ledge of her opinions, which I arn here to uphold; 
aud those undoubtedly are, that u nless those righ ts 
pertaining to this condition of slavery which she 
is entitled to under this Constitution, which she 
knows *'lave been violated and outraged—unless 
I those rights are guarantied under securities that 
cannot be doubled—she will not remain in the 
•ginia, so far as they can speak the sentiments of 
Virginia, in the present crisis. Virginia has said, 
in reference to this question of dispute and of 
difference in the Territories, that she would accept 
ot• guarantees in some proper form, providing for 
lil'ie, east and west, of 360 30' , to n 
this dividing 
through all 'Ilerritories now possessed, and all sub- 
sequently acquired; and would agree—and think 
it is a very great concession on her pat t,— 
• that in- 
voluntary servitude should be prohibited north of 
the line, upon . condition that slavery should be 
recognized south of thal line, and protected by 
Federal law. That is her proposition, with another 
that persons from the slaveholding 
condition: 
States should have the right of transit through the i 
States not holding slaves, under guarantees of se- 
curity their property while in them. Those 
are d istinct propositions. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 think 1 understood the 
honorable Senator to say the other day, he would 
not accel)t the propositions of the honorable Sen- 
ator from Kentucky, with a proviso that they I 
should be submitted to the people. 
Mr. MASON. I do not know what the hon- 
orable Senator understood me to say; but I will 
tell you, sir, what I did say: that I should be 
truant to my duty were I to accept any proposi- 
tion to be submitted to the American people, as a 
Union. That is the interest in which I speak. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFF[CER. The Chair an. 
nounced the special order at one o'clock: the un- 
finished business of yesterday, however, takes 
precedence of it; which is bill to create a terri- 
torial government for the Territory of Jefferson. 
Mr. FOOT. Let that go over by common 
consent. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have but a word to say, 
and then Senators may arrange the order of busi- 
ness to suit themselves. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 move that it be informally 
passed over. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be 
considered the sense of the Senate, unless ob- 
jected to. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not rise to address the 
Senate on this subject of debate any furlhet than 
to notice one or two points that I feel bound to 
say a word upon. 'Ithe Senator from Virginia 
has spoken of the puny efforts of persons express- 
ing the hope, while sending communications into 
Stitc, that the Union might be saved. Of 
course, cannot fail to take c(Fnizance of what 
that might be construed to mean. 
IVIr. MASON. allow, 1 will 
I rneant only in the perhaps 
used the wrono• word—that they were efforts that 
were unsuited and unfitted for the tilne, and would 
I certainly rneant nothing of dis- 
be ineffectual. 
paragemcnt to the Senator. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 comment upon them in that 
I suppose he did not rnean anything dis- 
partwing• when I bad the ik\ustrious Senator from 
Kentuckv associated with me in s•vhiltever was 
i havo sent no conn-nunication into Vir- 
ffinia upon this subject now' acritafin," the coun- 
try, except to reply to individual citizens of that 
State when they Iyad written to me to know 
whether there was hope. NV hen that inquiry was 
put to kne, I pronounced my belief that tilere 
was hope; and 1 have not yct abandoned the hope 
that this Union may be saved. This very morn- 
ing I replied to a citizen of Virginia, who made 
that inquiry of roe, by saying that I entertained 
strong hope that this matter might bc satisfactorily 
adjusted, peace preserved, and the Union main- 
tained. I said t.o him, also, that, in my opinion, 
all depended upon the action of Virginia avul the 
border States; that if the friends of the Union 
could save Virginia, we could save the Union. 
I should not have even said this rnue.h but for 
the remarks of the Senator from Virginia. I think 
it is very clear that that. Senator has one object 
in view, and I a very different one. 
I desire to 
see peace :naintained and the Union preserved by 
an honorable, fair adjustmcnt of tbc questions in 
dispute. 
I have failed to see anything in the 
action of that Senator which encouraged me to 
hope that he had the same desire. 'The other day, 
wbcn tlle Senator from Pennsylvania [1M)'. CAM- 
ERONI made a very large advance towards concil- 
iation, and intimated his wiilingness to accept the 
substance of the proposition of the Senator from 
Kentucky, or any other fair adjustment, I was 
pained that his advances seemed io be repelled by 
the Senator froin Virginia; and I was amazed 
homogeneous mass, for amendment of tbc Con- yesterday, when a question arose here about con- 
stitution in any way, either as recornmendatory I ciliation, and concession, and compromise, that 
or as final. The Constitution reco"nizes no Amer- 
the Senator from Virginia said, We want no 
It reco(rnizes the people of the i 
ican people. 
concession ; ' 
and it was applauded by the Sena- 
States as separate, independent, sovereign polit- r, tor from New Hampshire [Mr. HALF.] and those 
sacrifice all this liberty, all this greatness, all this ical communities; and when you come to amend who I understand to be uncompromising on the 
I the Constitution, doul)tless the honorable Senator other side of the Chamber. 
happincss,and all this hope, because they have not 
He thought it an 
intelligence, wisdom, und virtue enough to adjust from Pennsylvania knows that the State of Penn- 
admirable speech; he was delighted to get the 
a controversy so frivolous and contemptible. 
sylvania, l.vith all her population, will have one admission of the Senator fror•n Virginia that he 
