1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
663 
public manifestation is concerned, nor expressed the aeronaut found that his destinies '•.vere linked 
a doubt as to the propriety, the perfect propriety, with those of a madman. Sir, that is our condi- 
tion to-day. We are sailing over tempestuous 
of their own conduct. 
Now, in regard to this matter of amending the seas; and all of human hope for ourselves, for 
Constitution, I appeal to you, Senators; I ask posterity, or for the world, is with us; for the men 
you if, in the present state of public opinion, sur- 
rounded as you are by all the excitements and 
passions of thc hour, you believe that this Con- 
gress, this Senate, constituted as it is, made up as 
it is, opcratcd upon by these e dvcrse and extra- 
neous influences as it is, is more competent and 
better able to build a Constitution t.hat shall en- 
dare, and that shall promoto the interest, the 
honor, and the welfare of this great country, than 
was thc convention that formed the Federal Con- 
[ ask the wise men who sit around me, 
stitution ? 
'i that will destroy thc vessel in which so much is 
embarked are no betlet• than the madman sailing 
in rnid air, who would lose all direction and con- 
trol the balloon which bore him. 
But, sir, perhaps I ought not to speak; I am 
havo no business to speak. New 
trespassing; 
Englal'id is to be sloughed off anyhow; she is a 
sore; and even the kind and benignant Senator 
I from Missouri, [Mr. GREEN, I whose heart is all 
; benevolence, so full that it beams out in every 
expression of his countenance, could not give 
utterance to his sentiments wi thout expressing the 
and whose patriot hearts are now beating with 
so lituch anxiety for the welfare of their country, hopc that, whatever reconstruction might take 
place, New England would be left out anyhow. 
how much do you think your wisdom exceeds 
that of' the stves who formed this great charter of , Well, sir, I will tell you this: I never Will beg 
your Govcrnment, under wphich you live? How 
much wiser are you than Madison and Hamil- 
ton and Jay; or how much more patriotic than 
Washington and his compatriots, that you under- 
takc, in your rnadness and folly, to rebuild and 
reconstruct that great result of their piety and 
their wisdom, which has come to us as the richest 
inheritance that we have enjoyed? Sir, I confess 
for myself that I am willing to abide with the old 
men of the Constitution; I am willing to talcc In y 
.101 with those who, when the wounds of the Rev- 
olnti01'i were not yet hcalcd, met in solemn coun- 
cil, with patriotic hearts and pious purposes came 
too•ether to form a constitution for this country. 
I verierate their wisdom above that of thie wisdom 
by which I am surrounded. I have not yet be- 
come a convert to the doctrine that we (if we ever 
could) are now in a situation to mend what they 
made. And, sir, if this sentiment gives pain to 
atoybody, I regret it; but I tell you I think it is a 
wholesome pain that will work out a recrenera- 
tion the body that feels it. 
Mr. President, there is another mistake, and it is 
a mistake. Men speak of this Constitution 
and this Union as something separate from the 
I have 
battle by which our liberties were won. 
heard it said on this floor this session, that it is 
all a mistake to say that this Constitution cost 
I tell you, sir, the 
any blood ot any treasure. 
Revolution itself was worth nothing without the 
constitutional Union that followed it, at-ld you can- 
not separate the one from the other. 'l'hey are the 
necessary consequences, all confiected by one great 
chain, and the experiencc of the mcn ofthe Rovo- 
lution between the peaco of 1783 and the adoption 
of the Constitution in 1789, the history of that 
time stands where all nations may read, and all 
time cannot efface the eternal truth that they found 
that the Revolution itself was but a bootless effort, 
unless its fruits were cemented and consolidated 
in u Federal Union; and the Federal Union was 
the necessary complernent. to the successful Revo- 
lution; and the man that raised a purvicidal hand 
acrainst the Constitution of his country aims it 
not at the Constitution alone, but upon the revo- 
and ante-revolutionary spirit that pro- 
ceded in the councils of the country years and 
years acro. 
Sir, the Constitution was no thing ofa day. It 
was not a hot-bed plant, growing up, like Jonah's 
gourd, in the night; but it was the result of infla- 
ences that had been operating in nearly the two 
centuries of colonial history t-hat preceded it, and 
centuries back in the history of the country from 
which emigrated; and to undertake to sepa- 
the 
rate the Constitution from the Revolution, 
for myself, nor for my Statc, nor for New Eng- 
land, fbr adtnission to any communion except the 
communion of the just madc perfect in Heaven; 
and if there bc on this earth a Stale, or a confed- 
cracy, now existing or hereafter to be formed, that 
can dispense with New England, I say " God 
If you can afford it, I thil'lk we can. 
bless you.' 
Why, sir, these gentlemen do not know anything 
about New England except chat there are ice and 
rocks l.here; that, I think, is the extent, the prac- 
tical extent, of the knowledge of a great many of 
those rnen who talk about New England. 
my colleao•ucs from New England, who sit all' 
around me, will forgive me if - I say a word for 
history ? 
her. Do you know anything of her 
Her cradle was thc bark, rocked on the tempest, 
that finally landed amid thc ice and rocks of Ply- 
mouth harbor. Her home was amid the savages 
and the rocks and the ice; and when she ['ound 
the soil too sterile for sustenance, she plowed the 
ocean, and thence the means of support.. She 
has grown up acrainst opposition; on her side she 
has had nothing but God. The mother country, 
from which she emigrated, oppressed her; she 
contended with savages, with wild beasts, with 
a sterile soil and severe climate; death took half 
the numbers of the little company .of emigrants 
that landed on that ice and rock-bound shore; yet, 
amid all these discouragxemcnts, and against all 
thcsc odds, SIIC has gone on every day and evcry 
I year, prosy.)crina and to prosper. Cut her off, 
throw her away, and then she may look over t.his 
nay, sir, she may go to your 
whole continent 
cotton fields and point to the means by which she 
has been instrumental in so highly elevating cot- 
ton, that, from the giddy height, you proclaino him 
She may tell you that without the genius 
king. 
of New Eilgla)'ld, King Cotton would bc a beggar. 
She may point the continent over, and with inore 
than poetic truth ask, Qua rco•io in tern,'is qt.on. 
nostri plena laboris ? 
-What land is therc on this continent that has 
not been enlightened by her civilization? What 
institution of learning is there that does not re- 
ceive culture from her sons? What is (he great 
Nort.hwost, from which she is to be separated? 
Nothing on carth but New England spread out. 
I suppose, sir, that if you are to cut her off 
and send her home, you will cast away every- 
thing thatshc has done. MT ell, sir, let the magician, 
let him touch 
with his talismanic wand, go forth; 
let him touch this confederation; 
this Union; 
nay, sir, let him touch that other confederation, 
I '•.vho think they are beginning to see the lin•ht•, 
I and let him make everything that New England 
genius and New England enterprise has done for 
them vanish from their and they 
Union from the independence, whatever you rnay 
find themselves but little advanced from the sav- 
say about it theoretically, is a practical absurdity. 
Sir, the bcst hopes of mankind are freighted in age state. You are aoin« to cut us off from the 
this ship of the Constitution. All that was se- I Northwest! Good-by, my friends; but cre you 
cured by the war of the Revolution is periied by go., give us back our jewels; and when you take 
I Illinois into your embracc, let us have the illus- 
every blow that is aimed at the Constitution.. 
trious Senator [Mr. DOUGLAS] and his " m•eat 
have sometimes thought, when I have heard Che 
for he came from New England, and 
recklessness with which nteu speak of breaking principle, 
up this Confederacy, of an incident that f. have his colleague also. Sir, when you turn out Ohio, 
l' the empire of the West, grive us back her thun- 
seen recorded in some rnao•azinc, respecuog an 
aeronaut who ventured to rise to the blue ether derinø orator who sits betbre me, [Mr. WADE,] 
above in a balloon. When he had ascended to and her more than orator, sage, and patriot, that 
is to be his colleague in the next Congress, (Mr. 
where the earth faded in the distance to a mere 
point, he found that his companion was a maniac. Chase,) if such a Congress isto be. You are to take 
Carried away by the giddy excitement of the Michigan, too! Sir, I have been many years a when I declare myself to bc for thc Constitution, 
member on this floor, and I have always been able I speak it. in no sense that would indicate that 
hour, the unhappy man began to throw over the 
to recvnize a son of New I-lampshire in thc reprc- mean by that t.o invoke, or evoke, its strolw arm, 
ballast, and cut the guys and the ropes by which 
the balloon was guided throuoh its course; and sentætion of the State of Michigan. Look all over to put clown by force any of the manifestations 
the West, and I tell you, sir, until the sons of the 
West have forgotten to revcrence the graves of 
their fathers; until they have forgotten to cherish 
with affection the memory of the mothers that 
nourished them, you cannot sever New England 
from the West. Build up us many confederacies 
as you Inay; and I tell you, sir, that when the 
politicians come to deal with this matter, they will 
find that the people of this country have got ahear% 
which very few politicians have, [laughter;] and 
the great heart of. the great West will be felt. 
Now, sir, another word in this connection. The 
honorable Senator from Virginia said the other 
day that this Union is already dissolved, and we 
cannot help it. I tell him the Union is not dis- 
solved, and he cannot dissolve it. I am not going 
to discuss cither the right or the fact of secession. 
The British empire existed after the American 
colonics were severed from it: and when you have 
cut off from this Union every State that wants to 
go, and everybody that is not satisfied with the 
Constitution forswears his allegiance to it and 
there will bc left then a Union stretch- 
loaves it, 
ing from thc Atlantic to the Pacific, strong enough 
to bid defiance to the world in arms, and deal with 
any question that presents itself just exactly as 
their own sense of patriotism and duty shall re- 
quire of them. A man that has his leg amputated 
is a man notwithstanding; and the Union still 
I remains, though some members of it may be 
cut off. 
I have in my hand a document to which I want 
to call thc attention of some gentlemen. It has 
been the constant effort of veFy many gentlemen 
who have spoken upon this subject to represent 
that there is a verv deep-rooted hatrcd between 
the Nort.l'i and the "South ; and that this manifests 
1 hold in my 
itself on almost every occaszon. 
hand a most significant report made by the city 
of Norfolk, in the State of Virginia. o•iving the 
history of the pestilence that visited that unhappy 
city in the year 1855. I will not stop to read that 
report; but in it the committee of the city of Nor- 
folk say that, when the terrible pcstilcncc visited 
Virginia, and death was holding such a festival 
there as had rarely been witnessed on this conti- 
nent or anywhere else, the inhabitants of that 
stricken city made an appeal not to the South, nor 
to the North, but to tho country, thc whole coun- 
try; and it was responded to in a manner most 
honorable to h umanity, and most honorable to 
the charact.er of the political institutions under 
which we live. Physicians, who knew that tl)ey 
were traveling thc highway of death, where pest- 
ilence was to be their entertainment and death 
their reward, flocked in numbers from the North 
to minister rcfief to the inhabitants of that city; 
contributions came in from every quarter; and 
they specially mention, aniong those who had 
been foremost in their deeds of bchevolence, Phil- 
adelphia, Boston, and other places in the northern 
States, whose people, it has been said on this floor 
this session, hatc thc South with a hatred deep as 
hell, According to a table which i have herc of 
the contributi01')s which they received upon this 
appeal, amounting to nearly ninety thousand dol- 
I laps, of whicliwas contributed by tbc Dis- 
trictof Columbia; of the remaining $80,000, more 
littlf' of it contributed by the citizens 
than one 
of thcsc very frec States who, you say, entertain 
such deep-rooted hatred for you ! 
Sir, when the angel of pestilence spread his 
wing over your land; when the young rnen were 
falling, and tbc Macedonian cry for help went up, 
did the North hold back? No, sir; but with a 
o•enerosity and devotion, uncalculating as the im- 
pulses of humanity cvcr arc, they went to the 
rescue of this very Virginia, and left their ashes 
upon its soil, eternal mementoes of the sympa- 
thy, the humanity, and tho affection which they 
cherished for thc citizens of a common country. 
And, sir, whenever an occasion hike that Shail 
come again; whenever war, pestilence, or any- 
thing else, shall indicate to your fellow-men, and 
citizens of the northern States, that a call is made 
upon them for sympathy, for aid, for money, for 
lilö, it will be poured out svith as uncalculating a 
devotion as cvey humanity laid its offering upon 
the altar of charity. 
And now, sir, while I am up, let me say that 
