1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
667 
will find that the men who live in these States That is known; and yet Senators rise here and 
upon the Gulf are neither Indians, nor negroes, 
say they do not think the Union is in any danger. 
nor mulattoes; but they are white men wiih red Do you want Virginia to remain in the Union? 
blood in their veins, who draw their descent from God knows I do not want her to go out of it; it 
the best Huguenot blood that was ever shed in Ill docs not concern me in the least. 
If you want to 
definse of religious liberty in France, and from carry Virginia and make her the tail-end of a 
thc cavalier blood that never quailed in Ervkand•, Black ReÖublican confederation, and the descend- 
that those men do the voting and fighting; that i 
thcv do the legislating, 
that they ad Kllinister the 
lav.'s and sit on juries; and that they.are entirely 
capable of self-government. Whether you will 
be able to maintain your institutions is a matter 
that I forbear to discuss, because it is a matter 
that concerns you, and not me. 
Having said thus much, Mr. Presidcnt, and 
having been induced to say it because my vote, 
and the VOtcs of Senators who are now not mem- 
bers of this body were commented upon by the 
Senator from Illinois; and havin«r explained the 
principles by which I was actuated, I have no 
disposition to trespass longer on the patience of 
the body. If at the beginning of this session any 
one had really and sincerely desired to save the 
Union, if any one here had risen and said there 
were States that were in all probability about to 
leave the Union; that the right of self-government 
was a great right which had been fought for and 
achieved by a seven years' war, and t'herefore, if 
any State withdrew from this Union, the Federal 
Government had no power to coerce her; 
had 
protcstcd and implored against the dissolution of 
thc Union of thc thirty-three States, and had pro- 
posed that the Constitution should be so amended 
that slaves should be considered as property, and 
bc entitled to its protection everywhere—had these 
two simple propositions been introduced in this 
Chamber, and been voted for by Senators on the 
other side, all these difficulties would have becn 
settled, the Union would have been safe, and we 
again a band of brothers. 
But instead of that, one parcel of resolutions 
is brought in, and another. The Senator from 
Tenncssee, whorn do not see, [Mr. JOHNSON,] 
if they had 
brought. in some resoiutions which, 
been adopted, would have dissolved the Union, 
proposing to elect judges of the Supreme Court 
by the people, and to destroy our form of Gov- 
ernment by having Senators elected by a popu- 
lar vote, and havinff some Union-savinc, miscr- 
able renegade and traitor, who lived south of 
Mason and Dixon's line, secured in perpetuity, 
every other four years, the Presidency. These 
propositions of his would have been causc for a 
dissolution of the Union if they had been adopted; 
but they have never been discussed or considered. 
Tl'hen there was the proposition of the Senator 
from Kentucky, which, as I said, proposes sim- 
ply to let the people vote as to whether they would 
like to vote. Then there was a proposition to 
divide ali the territory by an imaginary line, and 
admit two Statos into the Union, onc with sla- 
very and the other without it; which proposition 
has been defeated now by adrnittino• Kansas—a 
portion of onc of thesc rycrritorics—into the Union 
alrcady the other day. These propositions were 
they were carried before a commit- 
broacyht in; 
tee; t.bat committee considered them; every Re- 
publican voted against every single proposition 
that was brought in, and it was so announced 
From that time to this, the distinguished 
Senator frotn Kentucky has, morning aft.cr morn- 
ing, raised his voice here and pleaded in vain to 
have his resolutions considered ; yet they have not 
been considered. A Senator from one of thc New 
England States moves a substitute, and eo instanti 
that is considered, and voted upon and accepted 
as a substitute, in preference to the resolutions of 
the Senator from Kentucky. Then a motion is 
made to reconsider, and the entire Republican 
party vote against that. Now, at this day, within 
one month of the adjournment of this Congress, 
not the first step has'bcen made towards any rec- 
onciliation, any concession—not the first step has 
been taken in that direction—and yet persons are 
ants of" liT11 t-h orse Harry, " Liøh tfootLee, of 
George Mason and the Pendletons and Randolphs 
and Washingtons of that day, wish that position, 
they certainly are cntitled to it; it does not disturb 
us. But is It fair for gentlemen, is it honest, I 
ask—I do not use the tcrm in an offensive sense 
if it can be used in any other; I certainly do not 
mean to be any more offensive than I can possibly 
avoid—but c.an they say that there is no danger, 
or that there is any hope now of a compromise 
being made, with the facts before them? I do not 
know how men write. 
I always mean what I 
say, and say precisely what I mean; and when I 
and another pcrson have a diffcalty, and for two 
months we have been trying to adjust it, and 
every time I talk to him ho says sir, I have not 
one word to say," I cannot in my conscience 
declare that I believe there is a prospect of that 
matter being adjusted amicably, unless I back out. 
What evidence of relenting has there been on the 
other side? The Presidei)t cloct has just pub- 
lished under his own sitynature a declaration that 
he is utterly and wholly opposed to every com- 
promise. I will state my authority. I saw it last 
night in the New York Tribune, printed in quo- 
tation marks from Abraham Lincoln, that he is 
utterly and whollv opposed to comprcnnise. He 
says he is entitled to the office of President; it is 
inch would be buying 
his; and to yield a single 
I have not the paper here; 
what he already owns. 
I do not carry Itin my pocket; but that is the sub- 
stance of what he stud. 
Undcr these circumstances, I chosc to vote 
against reconsidering the vote on Mr. CLARK'S 
resolution; because the entire Republican party 
had voted against reconsidering; because the Re- 
publican who had moved a reconsideration himself 
voted against it; because I saw not the slightest 
evidence of relenting; because I had heard from 
that side nothing which looked to compromise or 
concession, or a recognition of our rights—noth- 
ing that looked to anything that was practical. 
Hence, I voted in that way; and because I so 
voted, I arn held up here as one who is confed- 
eratincr with free-soilers in an cndcavor to dis- 
I say that I would dissolve 
solve the Union. 
this Union—no, not dissolve it; but I would burst 
it; I would fracture it, splinter it, into more frag- 
ments than gunpowder would blow glass, before 
I would live in a Government in which I was not 
the equal of any other wllue man in the country, 
before I would have In y State confederated with ! 
States that declare that her institutions, the con- 
dition of her men, and of the wives, the mothers, 
and the sisters of her is uroon a footing with 
the condition of the miscrablc wretches whom 
they herd like cattle in Utah, when they say that 
polygamy and slavery are twin relics of barbar- 
Ism. That is the declaration of the Republican 
party. It was the declaration in your platform 
In 1856; and above thirteen hundred thousand 
men voted that sentiment, that our wives and our 
mothers and Brigham Young's women occupy, 
socially and morally, thc samc position. Here a 
party in this country, that is elected to power, 
tells us that we shall live under their authority or 
be trampled with thc iron heel of ••svar. 
'I'hat drop of blood that's cahn, proclaizns us bastard ; 
Cries, cuckoid, to our father brands thc harlot 
Even herc, between the chaste unsmirclred brows 
Of our true 1110thcrs." 
You denounce us, degrade us, deride us, tell us 
we shall live under a Government that '„ve say is 
not tasteful to us; you tell us that we are do- 
graded, that we are not your equals. That is 
If the Senator from Illinois wants a-- compro- 
mise, let him abandon his squatter sovereignty; 
let him get up here and introduce a resolution de- 
claring that slave; are property, aud that:the Gov- 
ernment is bound to protect them everywhere. 
Say that; let him say to us, I will go home and 
advocate this doctrine before my people, and try 
to induce the State of Illinois (not the American 
people) to elect delegates to a convention that will 
ratify this amendment to the Constitution;" let 
him go to his Black Republican friends, and say 
to them, You must declare that slaves are prop- 
erty, and that the Government shall protect this 
property everywhere; that all white men shall 
have the right to live under such form of Govern- 
ment as they see fit"' 
let him say that, and get 
his Black Republican friends to get up and say it 
here, and give us assurances that they will do 
that; and, in the mean time, turn your guns to sea, 
withdraw your troops, cease insanely attempting 
to collect revenue outside of the United States; 
tell us that we can live under such a form of Gove 
ernment as we see fit; do these things, and the 
country will have some peace, repose, and quiet, 
to consider these matters; an appeal to arms may 
be avoided; and the Government and the Union 
may be reconstructed—I do not know whether it 
can be or not; I speak for nobody but myself. I 
say that, so far as I am concerned, if these things 
were done, if this was recognized and åcknowl- 
edged to bc a Federal Government, if we had our 
right to oovern ourselves recognized and acknowl- 
edged, and if the ban was removed from our prop- 
crty, i would advise a calm, fair consideration 
of the propositions, and a reconstruction of the 
Union. I think the Union is a great blessinm 
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President-— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Texas yield ? 
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 desire to ask the Sen- 
ator from Texas if hc wishes to have the Gov- 
ernment troops withdrawn from Texas ? 
Mr. WIGFALL. Just waita moment; I can- 
not hear you. 
Mr. WILKINSON. understood the Senator 
to say that the Government should withdraw their 
troops. 1 wish to ask him if he wants thc Gov- 
ernment troops withdrawn from Texas. 
Mr. WIGFALL. It is a matter of perfect in- 
difference to us. Probably we shall have the arms 
they havc there before your orders to withdraw 
them could be carried. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President— 
Mr. WIGFALL. Notjust this minute. As to 
the matter of withdrawing the troops from Texas, 
I say to the Senator from Minnesota that it is a 
matter of no sort of consequence to me, or to the 
people I represent here, whether they are with- 
drawn or not. They have never rendered any 
service there. Our border has been devastated by 
war ever since, and long before, I took my seat 
on this floor. Last year I asked, in the name of 
mercy, to save the lives of women and children, 
that a regiment of rangers should be put in the 
field who could and who would defend that fron- 
tier; and the Senator who asks me the question 
voted against it, I apprehend, as almost every 
Senator on that side did. The bill was voted 
down, the women and children were left to the 
tender mercies of the scalping knife and toma- 
the •war has been 
hawk upon our entire border; 
•oin«y on from that timo to this, and we have artil- 
lery and infantry companies there, sent to fio•ht 
Comanches. Withdraw them when you please. 
I trust in God that they will leave their guns, 
though, before their departure; and if my advice 
is followed, I have no hesitation in saying that 
they will. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have but a very few words 
to say in reply to the Senator from Texas; and 
as ho assurcd the Senate he was going to reply 
to me in very good temper, I shall endcavor to 
what you tell us; and when we say to you, if we preserve my good temper as well as he. I do not 
cannot live together in peace, we will separate, deem it necessary to take any notice of his very 
telegraphing and writing all over the country that you say we sha\l not; and then, because I do not funny illustration about the sarsaparilla. I was 
choose to make a ninny of myself, because I do a member of the Senate when that vvas first used 
they have hopes that the Union is going to be. saved. 
Six States are out of the Union. It is known 
to myself, it is known to everybody, that next 
Monday they mcet in solemn convention, as the 
old thirteen originally met, to form a new Fcderal 
It is known that they will do it. 
Government. 
I t is known that they will have a President, a 
Vice President, n Congrcss, an Army, a Navy, a 
Treasury, and treaties with foreign Govcrnmcnts. 
in the body; and I think it was so much better 
not choose to stultify myself, and vote for reso- 
lutions that mean nothing, in order that Senators told by Colonel Benton, wrhen he applied it to Mr. 
may telegraph over the country that ali is peace Clay, than the gentleman has told it to-day, that 
I let that stand for what it is worth. 
and quiet—bccausc I do not choose to do that, or 
to be lod by the nose as tenderly as asses are, I Then, sir, I come to the charge that he makes 
arn charged with a conspiracy with the Black ao•ainst mc, that I have done gross injustice to him 
Republicans to dissolve the Union, to prevent and to othars by the reference that I have ma(le to 
the vote, and the omission to vote, on the adop- 
any compromise. 
