670 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
sheba; which the people in the cotton States have 
warred on; and which they have declared was 
worse than Sewardism; for it had hypocrisy, and 
It was a petty- 
larceny, pick-pocket sort of policy, while the 
other was the open, foot-pad " stand and deliver. ' 
That is just the truth about the matter, and he 
knows it; but yet he brings this policy up here. 
The apple of discord is offered to us as the fruit 
of peace. 
Now, I am in the habit of saying just what I 
think, and just what I choose to say; and I do 
not choose to have this matter discussed in these 
general terms here any longer, so far as I am con- 
cerned, and be held up as a disunionist and odious 
to the country, when i know that men herc who 
have produced all thc difficulty have offered no 
means of reconciliation. These are facts. He 
says we do not want a settlement, and will not 
join the patriotic men in settling the diffcultie.s. 
I say I will. I say that I will vote for any prop- 
osition to-day, will do it to-morrow, will do it 
until I leave the Senate, provided it gives us what 
we arc entitled to under the Constitution; and 1 
ask nothinff more; and that I will advise the peo- 
ple whom represent to stay their hands and to 
wait, if there is a reasonable prospect of that prop- 
osition being ratified by a suffcient number of 
States north of Mason and Dixon's linc to make 
it a part of the Constitution. I am willing to do 
that. You say that my proposition is impracti- 
cable; that I am demanding more than I am en- 
titled to. I answer, that it is not so; the Consti- 
tution of the United States recognizes the right of 
man to own property in man; the Constitution 
kept open the slave trade for twenty years; pro- 
hibitcd either Congress or the Stutcs themselves 
from stopping it during the first twenty years. 
The first treaty we ever madc wit.h England 
declared that slaves were property, and provided 
for their boing delivered up. So did the first treaty 
we ever made with an Indian nation—with the 
Delasvares. Even in treating with savage nations, 
we stipulated cxprcssly that slaves should be dew 
livered up, reco'rnizing slaves as property. By 
our treaties, by our legislation, by our Constitu- 
tion, slaves are recorrniz,ed as property; but this 
has been denied by the Republican party; and the 
Senator from Illinois says, " am unwilling to say 
whether it is property or not; all I ask is non- 
intervention; we will not protect it; we will not 
confiscate it; and you are mn impracticable dis- 
unionist, traitor, if you do not agree. to my com- 
promise, because it is a great principle , and it was 
In the Nebraska-Kansas bill." Whatever was 
in the bill is a great principle, 
and, of course, 'sve ou«rht to bc satisfied with it. 
Now, sir, I got hitn on the witness stand, and 
bcgan examining him, but heis hard to keep there ; 
you cannot hold that Senator to anything. I arn 
unless he should rcply. 
ask now that the motion 
Mr. LATHAM. 
be put which I ma_de nt one o'clock. 
'PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is 
to postpone the question of printing extra num- I 
berg of the messuge of the President, and make it 
the spccial order fin• one o'clock to-morroW. 
The motion was agreed to. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the 
Senato a mcssage of the President of the United 
TREATY NEW GRANADA. 
Mr. MASON presented an amendment, which 
he gave notice of his intention to offer at the 
proper time, to the bill (S. No. 543) to carry into 
the Republic of New Granada; which was ordered 
to be printed. 
Mr. GREEN. What is the business now pend- 
in; before the Senate ? 
['he PRESIDING OFFICER. In response 
to the inquiry of the Senator from Missouri, the 
Chair will say that the next business in order is 
the territorial bill which was under consideration 
yesterday. 
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate adjourn. 
The motion •was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
THURSDAY, January 31, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by Rev. J. G. BUTLER. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS. 
Mr. NIXON. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to present the preamble and resolu- 
tions of the Legislature of the State of New Jer- 
sey, upon the proper measures to be taken by Con- 
gress for the pacification of the country. These 
resolutions come from a gallant and conservative 
State, over faithful to all her constitutional obli- 
gations, und should receivc the attention of the 
House. In so fat as they do not indicate any 
particular mode of adjustment, and express the 
general wish that Congress shaki adopt some plan 
which will permanently settle thc whole contro- 
versy about slavery, I believe that they express 
the wishes of a large majority of the people of 
New Jersey, without respect to party. 
The resolutions were laid on the table, and 
ordered to bc printed. 
FALSE STAMPS, ETC. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 ask the 
of the to have House bill No. 330 
It is a public bilk, 
taken up and acted on. 
In 
which the constituents of every gentleman are 
interested; and I hope there '.vill be no objection. 
T hc bill, being a bill to prevent and •punish 
fraud in the use of false stamps, molds, dies, 
brands, labels, or trade-marks, was read for in- 
formation. 
Mr. NOELL. The General Government has 
nothing to do with the punishment of that crime; 
and I shall object to taking up the bill. 
Mr. MOORHEAD The gentleman 's constit- 
uents have petitioned very largely for that bill. 
Mr. NOLLL. would have no objection to it 
if the General Govcrnment had any power over 
the subject. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. It is necessary for the 
security of commerce. 
Mr. McKNIGHT. 1 appeal to the gentleman 
to wilhdraw his obiection. 
Mr. NOELL. insist upon my objection. 
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS. 
Mr. STRATTON , by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented a petition, signed by citizens of New Jer- 
scy without distinction of party, praying the 
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of passage by Congress of the Crittenden compro- 
mise rcsolutions, or some similar resolutions; 
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of' 
State, 
the 19th instant, requesting a copy of correspond- 
ence between the Department,of Stato and minis- 
ters of foreign Powers at Washington, ill regard 
to foreign ves.scls in the port of Charleston ; wh ich , 
on motion of Mr. SUMNER, was ordered to lic on 
the table, and be printed. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. RICE presented the memorial of the Gov- 
crnor and Legislature of Utah Territory, praying 
for the establishment of a mail route and mail ser- 
vice through the counties of Tooele and Sham bip, 
in Utah rl'erritory; which was referred to the Com- 
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 
which was laid on the table. 
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILWAY. 
Mr. KILGORE, by unanimous consent, from 
thc Committee for the District of Columbia, re- 
ported back, with an amendment, a bill to incor- 
porate the Washington City and Gcorgetown 
Railway Company; which was recommitted to 
the committee, and ordered to be printed. 
MINOT LEDGE r,1G1-1T-1-10USE. 
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, reported 
from the Committee on Commerce, a bill to reg- 
ulate the compensation of the keeper and assist- 
He also presented a memorial of the Governor ant keepers of the Minot Ledge liffht-house, and 
(or other purposes; which was read a first and 
and Legislature of Utah Territory, prayinæ for 
, secon(l time. 
the establishrnent of a mail route and mail service 
through the chain of settlements along the Provo Mr. ELIOT. I ask that the. bill may be put 
upon its passage; and I beg leave to say that its 
and Weber rivers, in the Territory of Utah; 
which was referred to the Committee on tho Post passage called for by the wants of the light- 
house, and is recommended by the Department 
OMcc and Post Roads. 
here. No money is asked for. 
It is necessary 
to have three keepers, and the bill does not enlarge 
the compensation in consequence of the appoint- 
ment of the third keeper. 
No objection being made, the bill was ordered 
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being 
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. COLFAX. I call for the regular order of 
business. 
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITIONS. 
Mr. CLARK ; of Missouri, preseited a 
rial from certain citizens of Missouri, asking the 
adoption of the Crittenden propositions; which 
was laid upon the table. 
COMMUNICATIONS. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com. 
munication from the Treasury Department, trans- 
mitting copies of the Treasurer's accounts of re- 
ceipts and disbursements for the service of the 
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending 
30th of June, 1860; which were laid on the table, 
and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a 
communication from the Secretary of War, in 
answer to a resolution of the House requesting 
correspondcnce not heretofore published in regard 
to General Harney's administration in Oregon; 
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be 
printed. 
REPRESENTATIVE FROM KANSAS. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 rise to a question of priv- 
I submit the following resolution: 
Rcsoh•ed, 'l'hat the Committee on the Judiciary be, and 
they are hereby, instructed to inquire whether Ilon. MAR- 
TIN F. CONWAY, claiming to rcprescnt the State of Kansag, 
has been legally and constitutionally elected a Represent- 
ative to the Cougress of the United States from said State ; 
and that said committee report by bill or otherwise. 
Mr. GROW. 1 thought the Kansas business 
was ended. 
T hc resolution was agrecd to. 
ALEXANDRIA, ETC., RAILROAD. 
Mr. BOTELER. I ask the unanimous consent 
of thc House to discharge the Committee of the 
Whole I-louse from the further consideration of 
Senate bill No. 64, to authorize the extension and 
I use ofa branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun, and 
I-lampshire railroad within the city of Georgo- 
town. 
There beino• no objection, the. Committee of the 
Whole House wras discharged from the further 
consideration of the bill, and the House pro- 
ceeded to consider it. 
The bill •..vas read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. BOTELER moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
COAST SURVEY REPORT. 
Mr. FLORENCE introduced the following res- 
olution; which was read, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Printirv: 
Rcsotvcd, 'I'hat the Committcc on Printing be directed to 
inquire into tho expediency of printing five thousand extra 
copies of the report of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur- 
vey. 
POST ROUTE* BILL. 
Mr. COLFAX. I must now insist on the reg- 
ular order of business. 
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the Senate amendments to the post route 
bill, the question being on the motion of Lhe gen- 
tleman from Missouri [Mr. PHELPS] to lay on 
the table the following Senate amendment: 
SEC. 22. .RTb(t be it further enacted, 'I'hat t.hc cost of the 
service authorized in the three preceding sections of this 
i act, and that now perförming on the inland routes nulli- 
bored 8911, 12801, 12578, and 6076, shall be paid, after an- 
nual appropriation, by thc Soerctary of the 'Treasury, upon 
the certificate of service from the Postmaster General, ex- 
cept so fat as appropriations may already have been made 
for such service. 
Mr. PHELPS. on that the question has been 
ordered. 
The SPEAKER. That is so. The yeas and 
nays are ordered. 
Mr. COLFAX. That would have the effect of 
laying the whole bill on the table. 
The SPEAKER. The effect of the vote is to 
lay the whole subject on the table. The vote to 
lay the amendments on the table affects the 
whole bill. 
