1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
671 
The question was taken; and it was in Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ido not pro- 
the negative—yeas 32, nays 109; as follows: 
pose to discuss it. 
YEAS—Messrs. Avery, Bocock, Boteler, Burnett, Bur- 
ton Craige, De Jarnette, Duell, Edmundson, English, John ! 
Harris, Hoard, Kilgore, James M. Leach, Leake, Ma- 
clay, Maynard, Millson, Phelps, Pryor, Quarles, Riggs, 
Jmncs C. Robinson, Rust, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, 
Etcvcnson, Stokes. 'I*homas, Vance, VVhiteley, and Wright 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, 
Babbitt. Barret, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brabson, Brayton, 
Bristow, Brown, Buflinton, Burch, Burnham, Butterfield, 
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Coburn, Col- 
fax, Covode, Cox, James Craig, John G. Davis, Dunn, Ed- 
gerton, Edwards, Eliot, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, 
Florence, Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch, 
Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hamilton, Helmick, Hindman, Hol- 
man, Hughes, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kel- 
logg, VViMiam Kellogg, 
Killinger, Larrabce, DeWitt C. 
Leach, Logan, Lovejoy, Marston, McClernand, McKean, 
McKentv, McKnight, McPherson, Montgomery, Moorhead, 
Morrill, *Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, 
Noel}, Olin. Palmer, Pendleton, Perry, Peyton, Porter, Pot- 
ter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, 
Royce, Scott, Sickles, Somes, Spaulding, Stevens, William 
Stewart, 'f'appan, Train, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, 
-vVade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, El- 
lihu B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Wood, and 
Woodruff—IU9. 
So the House refused to lay the amendment on 
the table. 
During the Vot.e, 
Mr. HINDMAN said: 1 have voted in the 
negative; but I am informed that this bill appro- 
priaucs a very largo amount of money, and will 
contribute very considerably towards the irrevo- 
cable embarrassment and bankruptcy of the Gov- 
I therefore change my Vote, and vote 
ernment. 
in the amrmative. 
Mr. KILGORE. I will change my vote, and 
vote in thc negative, as an offset to the gentleman 
from Arkansas. 
Mr. COLF'AX. I may inform the gentlcman 
froru Arkarksas that there is no appropriation made 
in the bill. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not like this practice 
of legislating in post route bills, and therefore I 
think I will vote a y." 
N'lr. ELIOT stated that Mr. SEDGWICK was con- 
fined to his room by sickness. 
'i'he vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mt•. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I move to 
reconsider the vote by which the main question 
was ordered; and I desire to state to the House 
for what purpose I rnake the motion. 
Mr. COLFAX. to debate. 
The SPEAKER. not in order. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I desire to 
know from the Chair whether, if the House shall 
reconsider the vote by which the main question 
was ordered, the section will not then be open to 
amendment; and if so, whether the amendment 
which I offered yesterday in regard to the Post- I 
master General having the power to rcéstablish I 
the mail service in his- discretion, will not be in 
order? 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 shall make the point of order 
against the amendment, it not being germane, if 
it shall be offered. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. It will be for 
the Chair to decide whether the mnendment is or 
is not germane. 
If the motion of the gentleman 
from Indiana be not carried, the vote ordering the 
main question will be reconsidered, and then my 
amendment will be in order. 
I hope, therefore, 
that the motion to lay on the table will be voted 
down, in order that we may get at the renewal of 
this mail service. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order now to move 
to suspend the rules, and go into the Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union? 
The SPEAKER. It is not; the main question 
having been ordered. 
Tellers were ordered on Mr. COLFAX'S motion; 
and Messrs. OLIN and BURCH were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes 94, noes 30. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, the 
yeas and nays. 
The ycas and nays '.,vere not ordered. 
So the motion to reconsider the vote whereby 
the main question was ordered swas laid on the 
table. 
The question recurred on the Senate amend- 
ment; and it was concurred in. 
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the amendment was concurred in ; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
F.NROIÄ,EI) BILLS. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, an act 
for t.he benefit of Gabriel J. Johnston; when the 
I Speaker signed the same. 
POSTAL SERVICE. 
Mr. COLFAX. now call up the bill in relu- 
tion to postal service, which was postponed till 
to-day. At the request of the Gentleman from 
North Carolina, [Mr. BRANCH,] desire to have 
it postponed still further, till next Tuesday morn- 
ing, at which time I shall ask the House to vote 
upon it. I therefore movc that it be postponed till 
Tuesday next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
EVENING SESSIONS. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 to submit a mo- 
tion that the rules be suspended, and that the. 
House resolve itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union on the deficiency 
bill. But before that rnotion is put, I have a sug- 
gestion to make. There is, on both sides of the 
House, a general desire for debate on the special 
order; and it is desirable that the I-lousc should 
I only desire that the House shall under- 
I hold evenin" sessions. I therefore ask unanimous 
stand the, matter. Let us have one vote upon it, 
and let the thing bc settled. I only desire that consent that it shall be in order, to-day and to- 
there shall be a fair understanding, and that the morrow, at four o'clock, to move to takea recess 
I hope this will be agrecd to, for the 
till seven. 
House shall say whether or not it will give this 
I have no i benefit of gentlemen on both sides of the House. 
discretion to the Postmaster General. 
feeling about the matter; and I am only aston- 
ished to see any föeling manifested by the gentle- 
man from Indiana. 
Mr. COLFAX. Let me say that 1 very 
much to the Senate putting these legislative 
It is not my 
tunendments on the post route bill. 
fault; but it is my duty, in accordance with the 
views of the House, to keep off any more such 
amendments, if I can. I therefore move to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. Letus have 
a square vote on the motion to reconsider. 
understand the ruling of tho Chair, it will be in 
order to offer my amendment, if the House should 
refuse to lay the rnotion to reconsider on the table, 
and should reconsider the vote ordering the main 
question . 
Mr. QUARLES. Is this debate in order? 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. 
1 think 1 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
understand the rules of the House. If the House 
refuse to lay my motion to reconsider on the 
table 
Mr. QUARLES. 1 call the gentleman from 
Illinois to order. No debate is in order. 
'Che SPEAKER. It is not in order to discuss 
this question. 
There being no objection, it was so ordered. 
The SPEAKER. The understanding of the 
Chair will be that thc Speaker, at four o'clock, 
will adjourn the House till seven. 
Mr. SICKLES. Is it understood that the even- 
ino• sessions shall be for debate entirely ? 
The SPEAKER. Entirely for debate. 
Mr. SICKLES. And that no vote shall be 
taken ? 
The SPEAKER. No vote is to be taken. 
DEFICIENCY RILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the deficiency 
bill, with the Senate amendments thereto, be rc- 
ferred to the Commit.tee. of the. Whole on the state 
to the bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply deficiencies 
in the a propriations for the service of the fiscal 
year en mg June 30, 1861. 
First amendment of the Senate; 
For the compensation and milcagc of Senators, $13,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended concurrence. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Second amendment : 
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, for miscel- 
laneous items," $3,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mend concurrence, with the following amendment 
to the amendment : 
For the contingent Oxpenses of the Senate and House of 
Representatives, namely : 
For additional police tör the Capitol, payable by the Sen- 
ate, $1 ,096 97 ; and for additional police for the Capitol, 
payable by the House of Representatives, $1 ,096 97. 
'l'o supply deficiencies in the appropriation for taking 
the eighth census, $437,000. 
For expenses of select committee appointed under the 
resolution of House of Representatives of 24th December, 
1860, $5,000; and for expenses ot- select committee inade 
by order of the House of Representatives of the 9th of Jan- 
uary, 1861, $3,000, making $8,000 ; and that the said suin 
shall be added to the miscellaneous item of the contingent 
fund of the House. 
For expenses of removing the office of the Fourth Audi- 
tor of the Treasury to the apartments assigned in Winder's 
building, and IOr cleansing, repairing, and furnishing the 
same, $3,508 55. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con- 
curred in. 
Third amendment: 
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to carry out the 
conditional contract made by him with the Chiriqui Im- 
provemcnt Cmnpany and Ambrose W. Thompson, on the 
21st day of May, 1859, for the purpose c? securing to the 
United States certain valuable privileges and rights spe- 
cified in said contracts, and which said contract is hereby 
approved, $300,000. 
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- 
mended non-concurrence. 
Mr. MORSE. i move the following amend- 
ment to the Senate amendment: 
Add at the end of the agnendment as follows: 
Provided, 'Phat no part of the suin hereby appropriated 
shall be drawn frotn the Trcasury until aftersueh conditions 
and regulations have been establishcd by the President in 
rcfercnce to supplying coal under said contract, and the 
performance of' all the provisions of the same, as will fully 
protect the United States against the failure or incapa- 
city of said 'Thompson. or said Chiriqut Improvelncnt Corn- 
pany, to fulfill its stipulations: Provided jivrt.hc•r, '.['hat the 
United States shall acquire no right of sovereignty over 
any territory in the Republic of New Granada or ()ogta 
Rica, nor any right to transport troops or munitions of war 
over such territory under or by virtue ofthe contract recited 
in this act, unicss the same be voluntarily consented to by 
said Republic. 
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, 1 am little 
astonished to find an amendment submitted by the 
gentleman from Maine; forl supposed he was fa- 
vorable to the propoéition contained in the urnend- 
ment of the Senate. And I expected from hirn to 
hear arguments adduced to this House why we 
should ratify the conditional contract which has 
been made by the Secretary of the Navy with the 
Chiriqui ImprovementCompany. We have heard 
much of tlns contract for the last six months. 
During thc last session of Congress there were per- 
sons here urging upon the Congress of the Uniteed 
States the ratification of thc conditional contract. 
made by the Secretary of the Navy. If I mistake 
not, that measure received the approval of the 
gentleman who is at the head of tho Committee on 
Naval Affairs of this House. 
It was put on the 
naval appropriation bill by the Senate, but was 
defeated in this House by the substitution of an 
amendment authorizing the President of the Uni- 
ted States to send a commission to inquire into 
the Chiriqui grant, and the advantages likely to 
accrue to the United States from the possession 
of whatever right was proposed to be conveyed. 
The report of that commission has been trans- 
it of the Union, and made the special order. 
mitted to this House, and has been printed. It 
The motion was agreed to. 
is stated there is a lobby interest here to defeat 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now move that the rules the appropriation. have heard this charge made. 
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself But, although I am a member of the committee 
into the Committee of the on the state of 
which has been compelled to act upon this amend- 
the Union. 
Inent, and has made the recommendation which 
i The motion was agreed to. 
the Committee of Ways and Means has unani- 
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the mously made, that the amendment ought not to 
House resolved itself into the Committee of the i be concurred in, I have yet to find any persons 
Whole on the state of the Union, (M re BURNETT I outside the members of this House who arc op- 
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration posed to the adoption of this amendment of' the 
! of the special order, being the Senate amendments II Senate. 
