THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31. 
Mr. Chairman, it becomes necessary for us to ports to be a furtner grant of lands, not exceed- 
examine and ascertain first what is the nature of 
the c06tract made by the Secretary of the Navy 
with Ambrose W. Thompson. I concede that this 
contract was conditional; that by its terms it was 
to be submitted to the approval of Congress; and 
that, if not approved, it was not to be valid. The 
attempt was made at the last session to obtain 
that approval. The Secretary of the Navy rec- 
ommended to Congress to confirm and ratify that 
contract; but Congress did not ratify nor confirm 
the contract. After the close of the last session 
of Congress, a supplemental contract was made 
by the Secretary of the Navy with Ibis party , ex- 
tending the time for the ratification of the contract 
to the present session of Congress; and algo pro- 
posing to make an additional grant on behalf of 
the Chiriqui company of certain rights they alleged 
to have obtained from the Government of Costa 
Rica since the first contract was made with the I 
Secretary of the Navy. I say, then, it becomes 
necessary to examine into the contract which is 
now before us, and which ••,ve are now asked to 
ratify; so that we may ascertain whether the ad- 
vantages to accrue from the contract to the Gov- 
ernment are sufhcicnt to warrant us in making t*'le 
appropriation we are asked to make; and for that 
purpose, I propose to recite, in the first place, the 
reasons set. forth in the preface of the contract. It 
states that: 
Whereas it is desirable that the United States, on the 
one part; should havc the right of transit over the roadway 
granted direct to said W. 'l'hompson through said 
province, and extending from the Caribbean sea to the 
Pacific ocean, and the further right to use, as harbors, the 
waters, gulté, bays, or lagoons sheltered or partially sur- 
rounded by thc lands of the said 'Ithompson or the. said illi- 
provement contpany, and the further right to use toc coal 
contained in portions or said lands, for naval purposes, as 
also the right to es' ablish coal depots and naval stations. 
This is the recital. Then there is the quest.ion, 
first, whether it is desirable for the United States 
to have the right of transit over this roadway, and 
the further right. to use, the harbors, waters, gulfs, 
bays, lagoons, &c., in a foreicrt'l As if 
individuals can grant the right LO use a harbor, in 
any manner whatever. Sir, the right to use a har- 
bor does not vest in the individual property hold- 
ers bordering upo\l that harbor. The right 10 use 
an arni of the sea deper)ds not upon the consent 
of the owners of the lands adjacent. 
aflöcting the commerce and navigation of the 
country; and t.his right was secured to us by the 
treaty with New Granada, of 1846. 
I know that during the proøress of this debate 
it will be urged upon us that the isthmus ()t• Pa. 
nama does not embrace. this roadway through the 
province of Chiriqui. You will find the attempt 
madc to draw t.he distinction, that there is an 
Isthmus of Chiriqui as well as an Isthmus of' Pa- 
nama. Now, sir, sny that by the action of our 
Govern nusrft and by the action of the New Gr•a- 
nadian Governrnent under the 
1st Innus of 
deliniuon of the 
'I'hat defines it to extend to 
established. 
thc southern border of the State of C,osta Rica. 
of way anc_l the grant 
I say further that the 
to construct a railroad across the Isthmus of Pa- 
nama, has been *riven exclusively by the New 
Granadian Government to the Panama Raiiroad 
Company; and that Govern lnent has t.hus stri ppcd 
itself of t'hc power to tyrant the right. of way to any 
other party to construet a railroad across the Isth- 
mus of Panama, whether on the part of tho cen- 
tral Government or any provincial Government. 
Now, -Mr. Chairrnt.tn, the contract with the. 
Chiriqui company contains this stipulation , that— 
The United States shali have and enjoy a right of way 
or transit over said road, which is hereby granted to them 
by the party the second part, free fro:n all toll* or tn 
upon officers, awents. spa:nen, land.srnen, tnails, rnunition.*, 
stores, troops, or any direct property of the United States 
wlhie!) thc Governlnent there-or Inay transport or ca use to 
be transported over thO said road during the continuance 
ing five thousand acres, on each side of the prov- 
ince or Isthmus of Chiriqui as may be necessary 
for said United States for coal depots and naval 
stations at the lagoon of Chiriqui and the harbor 
of Golfito, the same to be located at such points 
as will secure good and sufficient depots and sta- 
tions to the United States without impairing the 
general value of any site for city or Cities which 
may bc laid off by Thompson, or the Chiriqui 
company, on any of said lands. The said lands 
to be selected and designated either on the main 
land or islands, or both, as the United States may 
determine, and within twelvemonths from the date 
of the contract; and there is also an obligation to 
convey a good and sufficient title to the Govern- 
ment of the United States for the lands so granted. 
The contract goes on to give the United States 
the right to use, as harbors, the waters of the 
lagoons, bays, or gulfs, sheltered or partially sur- 
rounded by the lands of the said Thompson or 
the said Chiriqui Improvcmcnt Company, on thc 
Atlantic and Pacific sides of the Isthmus, and in 
the bays and gulfs wherever the lands.of the said 
Thompson or said compa.ny may extend. 
The fourth grant gives the United States the 
right to all coal, for naval purposes, at or near the 
points selected for coal depots and naval stations, 
as aforesaid; but if coal shall be found of superior 
quality for steam purposes in other places than 
those so selected , then the United Slates shall have 
the right to use the same, subject only to the tax 
of' one dime per ton, as provided to bc paid to the 
provincial authorities of Chiriqui, in the grant 
afo resaid, and the cost of miningand delivering the 
same. 
The fifth provision of the contract is thc stipu- 
lation to pay $300,000 by the Government of the 
United States, in consideration of these grants. 
The supplemental article of the contract, which 
has beeri added since the close of the last session 
ot• Congress, grants to the Government of •the 
United Slates any rights which the Chiriqui Im- 
provoment Company rnny have obtained from the 
I Government of Costa Rica. 
most convenient. between Punta Mala or Bahia de Coro- 
nado, as it is laid down in Kiepert's map, and the dividing 
line between Costa Rica and New Granada. 
"I'he northern terminus shall be upon the dividing line 
aföresaid, in the direction of the Bahia del Almirante, or 
the lagoon of Chiriqui, or the coast of Ehe Atlantic, be- 
and the dividing kine already reterrcd to." 
Having now recited the grants which have been 
made to different individuals, I will, for the sake 
of argument, admit that they are all consolidated 
into the Chiriqui Improvement Company, by 
virtue of the different conveyances made to it. 
Whether they have been, or not, IS a matter really 
immaterial to the object I have in view. My ob- 
ject is to show that it would be •wrong for the 
Government of the United States to ratify thig 
contract, because the Governxnent will, in fact, 
obtain nothing in consideration of the 
which it is proposed to pay to this Chiriqui Im- 
provement Company. We are all aware of the 
•—1 may add, the necessity—of our 
importancc 
securing the right of transit across the various 
isthmus routes between the Atlantic and Pacific 
oceans. I am willino• to concede the vast import- 
ance and the necessity of securing the control of 
one of tllesc isthmuses, in order to shorten the 
distances between our Atlantic and Pacific pos- 
sessions; and I have ever been willino• to achieve 
that result. Whenever individuals have obtained 
o•rants opening a transit route, eUher by the 
Isthmus of Tehuantepec, 01' the isthmus of Nic- 
aragua, or by any other isthmus, so far as could, 
consistently with my obligations and my duties 
to the Government, I have been willing to protect 
the rights which they may have obtained from 
the Governrnents which have jurisdiction over 
these routes. 
When the contract was made by the Secretary 
of tho Navy with the Chiriqui Improvement Com- 
pan y, that company had no grant for the con- 
proving in a solid manner, fii for the transit or 
wheeled vehicles, and maintaining in good condi- 
tion the provincial road opened morc than fourtcen 
This road extends frotn the Chiri- 
years acro. ' 
Mr. Chairman, I have now recited the terms of qui lagoon to David—not to the Pacific ocean. It 
i i is an old highway. It. crosses the Cordilleras, 
this contract and the obligations on the part of the 
trrantors; and in consideration of these rights and whose altitude is from seven to eight thousand 
f' this road is sixty 
feet. The length 
privileges, the Government of the United States, 
miles. The grant is to the road fit for 
on its part, stipulates to pay to the Chiriqui Im- 
carriaæes and wagons, and to keep it in good 
provement Company the sum of $300,000. 'I'he 
repair—not to make a railroad, but to improve a 
Interests, rights, and privile(yes of lhese crrantors 
highway. 
arc derived from several grants, which I will I 
I am fortified in this opinion by the opinion of 
briefly, but substantially, relate. ' r hc first is a 
n•mdc to James Agnew, of Hoi'). J. S. Black, late Attorney General of the 
colon k?.ation grant, 
United States, delivered at the request of the Sec- 
lands between rivers Las Esquinas and Clara, and 
borderin«r on GolfoDulcO. The next graulis made 
to A, W. Thompson. This grant was made by the 
province of Chiriqui; and, in the language of the 
grant itself, it is made " for improving in a solid 
manner, fit thc transit of whccled vehicles, and 
•nutin.tailling• in good condition tjtc provincial road 
opened nuore than fourtce.?b years ago between this 
and forty 
and Bocas d el Toro, 
city (David) 
thousand fanegadas of land. That provincial road 
was first opened Inore than fourteen years beforc 
between the City of David and Bocas del Toro. 
I rl'here was also twenty thousand fanegadas of land 
additional granted for the maintenance of a police 
for the good order and preservation of the road. 
I A fanegada, if i am not misinformed, is about an 
acre and a half of land. 
r I"hese grants have been assigned by the grant- 
eos to the Chiriqui Improvement Company. I 
do not propose, at this time, to say anything in 
rcferencc to the terms of the conveyance, or the 
instruments of writing by which the assicynments 
have been made. The Chiriqui Improvement 
' Com puny has been incorporated by the laws of 
thc State of Pennsylvania. 
The third consists Gf grants made to Messrs. 
J. R. Morell & Co., of coal *nines in the district 
of the present grant inade by ilre said province of Chiriql.Li 
of Bocas del [Coro, of coal mines on Pope's island, 
the said Allibrose W. 'J'hmnpson." 
Sir, I say that the Chiriqui company have no and a grant of land for thc development of the 
rio•ht to rnake such a grant to the Government of il coal-Inining operations of twenty-five thousand 
I assert that the ordinance of' fancgadas, and tho exclusive rio•htfor twenty-five 
the United States. 
the the grant to im- years for a canal from the river Changuinola to 
the Chiriqni lagoon. 
prove an old road way, to Tl'hompson, provides 
rl'he fourth is a grant for a railroad, by the Re- I 
No Coreion {a-oops or iwnplcmcnts of war beåonaing therc- 
public of Costa Rica, to A. YV. Thompson and 
the road without pennission fron) t11C 
to, can pass over 
his associates, for the of sixty years, to be 
General Goverrunellt of tile Republic." 
And this prohibition is made under the penalty constructed bctweel'l the Pacific and Atlantic 
The termini are described as follows: 
of the forfeiture of the, grant. 
oceans. 
In connection with this grant, there is what pur- 
The southern t.erminus of said road shall be at the point 
retary of the Navy, prior to the making of the 
contract, and also by the opiJ1ion of thc atvtorney 
{renet•al of New Granada. 'I"hc question arose 
in the New Granadian Government: does the 
cn•ant for the improvement of this old road inter- 
fere with the rights which have been vested in the 
Panama Railway Company? The decision was, 
that it did not.; because this grant was not for a 
railroad, but for the imprövement of the old pro- 
vincial road, which, as have already stated, was 
opened fourteen years before the grant was made 
1 will read an extract from the 
to Thompson. 
decision of the New Granadian Government. It 
is as followrs: 
PROVINCE OP C111RIQÜ1, REPUBLIC OF Nnv,r GRANADA, 
DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, 
BOGOTA, July l, 1855. 
Section 2, No. 3. 
To the Jff,fé Superior of the State of Panaqna : 
'I'hc Governor of the ancient •province of Chiriqui, in an 
official dispatch of February 23, No. 2, remitted to this de- 
partinent a copy of the ordinance passed by the Legislature 
of that province !xranting an exclusivc privile«e to Mr. Atn- 
brose i•V. 'Phom pson for itnproving the provincial road frorn 
the said ordinance was 
David to the lagoon of Chiriqui ; 
handed to the attorney 'reneral of the nation, so that. he 
Inight examine it, and ascertain if it infringed any of the 
rights of the Panalna Railroad Company. Ile has reported 
as fi)llows : 
I beg to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch under 
date of 3d instant, inclosing a copy of' the ordinance expe- 
dited by the Legislature of the ancient province of Chiri- 
, ill its extra session ot- last year, granting an exclusive 
privilege to A W. Thoaopson for improving the 
provincial road from David to the lagoon of Chiriqui, and 
requesting me to take steps havint' said ordinance an- 
nulled, tf considered it in contravention to article seven 
of thc contract with the Panama railroad, as approved by 
'I'he road to whicl) the above-cited ordinance 
Conrrress. 
a highwav which existed in the State or the 
inus long befOre the, grant for the construction of the rail- 
road ; and it is so stated in the ordinanee. It is therefore 
included in the exception mentioned in the final part of 
article seven of the contract entered into with the Panaina 
