676 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 31, 
by all the means in its powcr. Can it be possible, then, 
exclude this province from the right* which all others have 
ama raitroad precents it; forthe exception in article•seven 
is explicit, aud applies directly to the preservation and im- 
it being 
provmnent of the road. Fl'hat article- reads thus : 
nevertheless well understood that the privilege of N'hich 
vent the -con)pletton, preservation, and impro•Dement of 
roads which already exist, or which are aetually being con- 
structed on the said Isthmus.' And if such exception had 
not been made, the executive power coufd not legally have 
approved o? that contract." 
The attorney general (Sefior Gallego) goes on 
to observe, (pages 8 and 9:) 
It-is well known that persons interested in the Panama 
railroad have circulated tho idea that our roads may be 
improved, but without changing their nature, which is, in 
ident from the envoy of New Granada, in this 
city, in which Mr. Herran ignores the exclusive 
pretensions of the Panama company. We are 
not to legislate in this House in affrmance of a 
perpetual monopoly in the Panama Company; 
we may leave that corporation to settle its own 
questions with the Government from which it 
derived its grant. Of course, it will be the duty 
of our Government to see that no illegal encroach- 
ment upon its property is permitted by New 
Granada. But of this there can be no well-founded 
apprehension. 
The argument of the gentleman from Missouri 
amounts to this: that, inasmuch as the Panama 
Company asserts an exclusive right of railway 
transit over the Isthmus of Panama, therefore 
good Spanish, equivalent to saying that we must leave. 
ncither New Granada nor Costa Rica can grant, 
them, with but a slight difference, just as they existed bc- 
and no citizen of the United States can acquire, 
fore. These are gratuitous and self-prejudiccd interpreta- 
Mons. Article seven, to which they does not unpose the privileges conceded to 'I"hompson & Morell. 
thereto, shall pass over the road without pennission of the 
General Government of the Republic." 
Mr. SICKLES. Precisely, sir. That is the 
very point I am upon. 1 was about to say, Ihat 
it would be necessary, at all times, for the Gov- 
ernment of the United States, whenever it pro- 
poses to carry troops or munitions of war through 
the territory of another Power, to ask permission 
to do so. In the absence of treaty stipulations, 
I the comity of nations would not give us this right; 
and this Goverrnnent would -not- attempt to exer- 
cise it, except in deference to the pleasure of Costa 
Rica. 
Concede, then, that the Costa Rica grant pro- 
hibits the transportation of munitions of war and 
troops, and that New Granada makes her previous 
assent a condition, it, nevertheless, reinains un- 
doubtedly true that neither of those Governments, 
while at peace with the United States, and while 
its ainplitude; and thoreföre this province may, even if the 
Panamay•ant extends this far, improve its road of Bocas 
del 'l'oro, oven to the extent of M n KING A RAILROAD. If it 
is not, then let it be proved that to Unprovc onc thing is 
not to make it better than it svas. in its wide 
ranae o? Ineaning, as it has been used, is to carry one thing 
to its Iliahest dc&ree of perlbetion. So that, if a road Inore 
pcrfcc_t than a railroad should be invented for a vvay of com 
municat.ion, then such invention could undoubtedly be 
adopted by this province for its road." 
I affrm, therefore, Mr. Chairman, upon the 
authority of the highest law oflicer of Chiriqui, 
who is certainly competent to explain the mean- 
ing of terms used in the decrees of Iiis own prov- 
ince, and expressed in his own languac»e, that a 
full and perfect privilege to construct a railroad 
was covered by the original grant to the parties 
with whom we arc dealing. 
Attorney General Rlack thought the word "rond- 
way" did not include a railway privilege, and he 
so states in his letter. But his attention Iliad not 
been called to the. cotemporaneous and local cx- 
position of that word which I have read, and 
•which would have been conclusive to his, us it 
must be to any, fair judg-ln#nt. 
Mr. PHELPS. •Wilt-the gentleman permit mc 
to read one section here ? 
I To this extreme proposition I will only say, that if having friendly treaty relations Wilh us, would 
. ever refuse us permission to transport troops and 
New Granada, Costa Rica, and the United States 
! concur in a limitat.ion upon the power of tl')C Pan- 
ama Railroad Company, it will be effectual. 
the next instance, the gentleman from Mis- 
souri objects that we are to acquire the use of har- 
bors in a forei(rn nation. Perhaps I ought to 
dividc the gentleman 's argument into two 
divisions. He enumerated some ten objections to 
this appropriat_ion. Five or six of them prove, 
if they prove anything, that we get too much for 
our money; and the rest of the objections prove, 
if they prove anytl'ling, that we get nothing for 
our money. At one moment he argues that we 
ought not to take this grant, because it gives us 
munitions of war from our possessions on the 
Atlantic to our possessions the Pacific. If we 
were at war with any of thc States of Central 
America; if we were at war with any of their 
allies, they would withhold permission; but under 
no other circumstances would this act of comity 
be refused. 
I desire now to bring more conspicuously to the 
attention of the House the broad and ample rail- 
, road grant made by the supplemental convention 
negotiated by Thomas Francis Meagher with 
Costa Rica. It is full and complete in ail its parts, 
and attests the ability and address of the accom- 
resources and privileges and rights which we ought plishcd gentleman who represented the grantees, 
not to enjoy in a foreign country. And then, not 'I'hompson and his associates. Bv the further con- 
tract madein August, 1860, Mr. 'l*hompson and his 
perceiving his inconsistency, he denounces the 
appropriation because we arc to get nothing for associates enabled the United States to participate 
in all the benefits of his recent convention with 
the #300,000. I might say t.hat one half of his 
objections answer other half. We might Costa Rica, in addition to the privileges previously 
secured by the United States, and which the 
strike an average and say the result is, that we 
$300,000 now to be appropriated was the stipulated 
made a very good bargain. 
I submit to thc committee that we do not, by compensation. 
So, sir, för this appropriation we get the benefit 
the arrangrement we propose to make with these 
parties, acquire territorial jurisdiction over the of all these privileges. It has bcen sugo•ested that 
Mr. SICKLER. Certainly, if it is I harbors, or over the lands. we would not 
the recent agreement of July, 1860, W' ith Costa 
Mr. PHELPS. I will rcad two sections from 
cisc any powers of Government over the 'Terri- l: Rica, required the parties to pay $100,000 in six 
tbc grant to the Panama company: 
that. this sum has not been paid, and that 
torv; and if the gcntleman 's (ü•gumcnt does not months; 
therefore the grant has become void, Now, it'gen- 
ART 1. 'lthc exclüsive privilege Qi' establishing a rail- 
arnount to that, it amounts to nothing. It. would 
natna, is conceded to the company styled the Panama 
cornpany.' 
ART 4. During the ninety-nine years of exclusive priv- 
ot railroads fronl one ocean to the other, the Government 
the Republic engages neither itself to make, nor to grant 
to any other company whatever, under any title, the, power 
to establish, another iron railroad or macadamized road, 
serving as means ol'eolnrnunication hetween the two means 
across the Isthrnu* Panama ; neither shall the Govmn- 
ment of the Republic undertokc itself, nor grant to any other 
person or persons, tbc right to open a marititue c,ånal ac'toss 
the Isthmus, connecting the two seas, during the •period of 
tfic continuance the privilege granted to the cornpany of 
Panauna, wiLh0UE. the consent that cotnpany 
Mr. SICKI,EkS. J am glad the gentletnan fron'l 
appear to be his view, that our laws are to bc ex- Ii tlemen will read the contract, which they will find 
tended over a portion of Chiriqai. 'There is 110 i' among the documents sent in with the messacye.— 
foundation for this suggestion. W c simply ac- page 69, article twenty—they will see that the. 
quire the right to such occupation as may be ne- $100,000 is not payable until six months after the 
cessary fbr repairing our vessels, for coaling them II approval of the contract by the Costa Rican Con- 
cress. The Congress of Costa Rica does not Ineet 
in the harbors, and for getting coal from the land— 
ceded absolutely to the Individuals through whom until May next. Therefore this sum, which is a 
we obtain these privileges. We become sub- II mere deposit as security for the undertaking of 
the parties to build the road, will not be payable 
tenants to the grantees. When the railroad shall 
constructed by private parties, we will have i to the treasury of Costa Rica until the 1st of No- 
vember, 1861 
the, right also, to avail ourselves of it for the pur- 
The Congress of Costa Rica, by a decree which 
poses of transportation. 
will bc found on page 65 of Executive Document 
No territ.orialjurisdiction was ceded to the Chir- 
iqui company. No territorial jurisdiction was No. 41,expressly authorized "the executive power 
Missouri has called the attention of thc I-louse to ceded to 'l'hompson•, an(l, as the rights ofthc Gov- to conclude with Mr. Thomas Francis Meagher, 
these provisions of the Panarna grant; for they crnment of' the United States will be, of course, 
agent and representative of Mr. Ambrose W. 
least ernt-nu•rass my arournent, buz, i 
i i subordinate to those of its grantors, we can have Thompson, a citizen of the United States, a con- 
do not in the 
on the contrary, they go to prove that the effect •l 
tract for the construction of a railroad between. 
no territorial jurisdiction; thus disposincr at once 
of all that branch of the gentleman argument Boca del Toro and Golf'o Dulce, confovmino• in 
of a defeat of this rnoasure will bo to yield tho 
Panama railroad the absolute which i] which deprecates the Governmcnt of the United every respect with the Lases which, having been 
Tl'he only deviation 
they claim. It is a sufficient answer for (0 States taking possession of harbors in Central approved of, are annexed." 
make to the gentleman 's citation , to say that New II possessi01') of territory and as- 
from the specifications annexed to the decree by 
Granada, the Government which made tbc grant 
to the Panama company, repudiates and repels 
his construction of then• language. 
take the construction of the Government of New 
Granada, as to the powers of the Panama com- 
pany, and as to the privileges crranted to N:lr. 
Thompson, rather than the views of any gentle- 
man upon this floor, no matter how high I may 
his judgment. 
It will be proner, also, to 
observe that the following passage in the same 
decree from which the gentleman reads, mate- 
rially the sellse of the extracts which he 
has read: 
It being, nevertheless, welt understood that tho privi- 
lege of' which the article treats cannot, and must not, in 
any manner prevent the completion, preservation, and im- 
protement of roads which already exist, or which are ae- 
tual}y boing constructed, on the said Isthmus." 
I havo already shown that the authorities of 
Chiriqui understood, by " improvement," 
that 
sort of road v.' l)ie.h should bc invented. If further 
authority were needed, I would refer gentlemen 
to eommunication trangmitted to us hy the Preg- 
serting the power of the G-overnment there. There Congress was, that Congress provided for a (_le• 
posa of $50,000 as security, and the Executive of 
ig no basis whatever for it. 
'The gentleman from Missouri reminds us that Costa Rica insisted upon astipu\ation •for $100,000 
the Governrncnt would have no right to carry as bail tör the undertaking. lb is not likely the 
troops or munitions of war by this road. Now,- Congress of Costa Rica will hesitate to approve 
sir, that criticism is true of the am•ee.ment made the form of the contract on account of this addi- 
It is urged that. the grantees 
in July last, between Cosla Rica alid Mr. Thomp- tional guarant.ee. 
son, which, as i have already stated, was not in are not authorized to cedc their privileges to a fbr- 
existcncc when this contract m.vas made between eign Government. The Government does nnt 
propose to acquire the railroad grant. The Gov- 
thc Secret.ary of the Navy and Mr. rl"hmnpson. 
it does not appear that we not I ernment does not propose to build the railroad. 
But, sir, 
have 1 he right to carry troops and -munitions of i The Governinent does not propose to acquire anv 
war under the original grant from the Govern- privileges, except as incidental to the rights of the 
Individual grantees; and to enjoy them , subject to 
ment of New Granada; and unless he shows that 
It is very true that it w0uld all the provisions and stipulations contaified in 
'.he shows nothing. 
the contract, and subordinate to the just authoriKY 
not be proper for this Government-— 
N'lr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the of Costa Rica, just as any individual might do. 
It was insisted by the gentleman from Mis- 
gentleman from New York permit me to refer to 
souri, that we have no right to acquire any such 
only one clause? 
privilcees even as tenants. 
fn that, I thiåiic, the 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The sixth gentleman IS entirely mistaken, with reference 
to 
the history and practice of this Government. VI e 
section reads: 
have aeoal station en the Mediterraneaxr, ywe have 
Ng forgtzn troopq ifnplement8 of war, belong{ng 
