1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
677 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
a coal station in China. Why should we not 
resumed the chair, Mr. BURNETT reported that 
have one in the Caribbean sea or on the Gulf of 
Mexico? The gentleman says that we do not the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
own these. Does he mean that we do not ow-n i Union had, according to order, had the Union 
It docs not matter; concede generally under consideration, and particularly a 
thorn in fee-simple? 
bill (H. R. 866) to supply deficiencies in the ap- 
that we are only tenants. That is just the priv- 
ilege we will now acquire in Chiriqui. We will propriations for the year ending June 30, 1861, 
and had come to no resolution thereon. 
be tenants in possession for sixty years. 
i Mr. BURNETT moved that the House take a 
[Here the hammer fell. 
Mr. POTTLE the floor. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from New 
York give way for a motion that the committee 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire, with the permission 
of the gentleman from New' York, to make this 
remark. We own no naval station either on the 
Mediterranean or in China. If we have coal stored 
there, we have it kept just as we have other naval 
stores kept. But the Govermnent has no owner- 
ship whatever over these stations. 
Mr. SICKLES. It wants about five min- 
utes to four o'clock, when the House will take a 
I ask my colleague to give way to me for 
recess. 
those five minutes. 
Mr. POT'I'LE. Certainly. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. •Will the 
gentleman allow mc to present a proposition, 
which I desire to offer as an amendment to the 
amendment? 
r.['he CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order 
now. 
Mr. SICKLES. The from Missouri 
persists in his objection that we have no business 
recess until seven o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the 
House (at four o'clock) took a recess until seven 
o'clock, p. m. 
EVENING SESSION. 
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m. 
The SPEAKER pro tonpore, (Mr. BURNETT in 
the chair) stated the business in order to be the re- 
port of the committee of thirty-three, on which 
the gentleman frotn Illinois [Mr. FARNSWORTH] 
was entitled to the floor. 
ILLINOIS SALINE LANDS. 
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask my colleague 
from Illinois to yield to me for a few moments, 
for the purpose of asking a favor of the House, 
It is this: I have a billin my 
or of the benches. 
possession which is very important to a portion 
of my constituents, and one to which, I am sure, 
I desire to ask the 
no gentleman would object. 
I permission of the House to postpone the special 
order until I can present this bilh and have it acted 
I see the gentleman from—somewhere— 
on. 
shakes his head. I will explain what the bill is, 
to acquire any rights, either as owners of prop- and then, if there is objection, I will not press it. 
erty or as tenants, outside of our jurisdiction, and II I have no idea that I can get the floor when the 
I-louse is full; and therefore it is that I have 
he cites international law for that proposition. 
Why, sir, international does not establish soueht it now. 
any such thing. He says that we havo not A certain portion of tho saline lands in Jackson 
ony law of New Granada which authorizes the county, lilinoig, were reserved for the, State, at 
United States to acquire any rights of property the time of the admission of lljinois into the 
there. Mr. Chairman, the afiirmative is on him; Union. In 1841, I believe it was, the Congress 
it is for him to produce some law of New Gran- of the United Slates passed an act authorizing 
ada which prohibits a foreign Government from the Legislature of that State to dispose of theSe 
becomil'lg• the owner or thö tenant of property lands. Thev did so. Tl'ie lands were sold, and 
By an examination 
within itsjurisdiction. The GovernmentofRussia purchased by individuals. 
solely for the purpose of debate—that no business 
was to be done. 
Mr. LOGAN. I, of course, woul&not vidate 
any agreement; but .1 should like to know by 
whom the agreement was made? l, undei•starid 
that the House did not adjourn this morning; it 
It is now in session; and, no 
only took a recess. 
understanding can prevent business from being 
done by general consent. 
I The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair wilt 
state -that it is very frequently the case that the 
House takes a recess for the purposes of debate 
only. The Chair understands that when. thegen- 
tleman from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] moved *that the 
House might take a recess, he stated that it was 
for the purpose of debate only, and the motion 
was so entered on the Journal. The present oc- 
cupant of the chair was not present when the 
motion was made; but, understanding such to 
have been the fact, he would not be disposed, un- 
less a quorum was present, to permit business to 
! be done. 
Mr. LOGAN. Then I will not insist on the 
had hoped, I confess, 
introduction of that bill. 
that my r.equest would not have been objected. 
except from captiousness; but -on the contrary, 
I that it would have been instantly granted. It is 
a proper bill, and it initiates legislation that ought 
to be madc by this Congress. 
The House was addressed by Messrs. FARNS- 
WORTH and AVERY on the stateoftheUnion. 
Their speeches will be published in the Appen- 
i Mr. N [BLACK. Mr. Speaker, the powers 
and duties of this Government, in relation to tho 
Territories of the United States, has been, for 
several years past, the overshadowing question 
It has been the central idea 
in national politics. 
I upon which old political have been reor- 
zanize.d, and around which new ones have been 
formed. With the discussions upon it, the whole 
subject of African slavery on this continent has 
become involved. Divisions and differences in 
relation to it aiTot•d the occasion, if they are not 
i the cause, of the unhappy condition of things 
owns real estate in London, Paris, Madrid, and of the records at Springfield, it is shown that 
now existincr in the country. 
In the few remarks I have to offer, I shall feel 
Vienna. The Government of England owns real E the reservation was made, and that the State 
estate half the countries of the world—where made her selection of saline lands, amounting to myself obliged, however reluctant I may be, and 
however familiar to the public mind the whole 
ever it has diplomatic relat.ions. T be United States eighteen hundred acres in that county. But the 
records have been destroyed, so that there is no subject may be, to refer, as preliminary to some 
has •owned property in France and in other parts ! 
of the world. Mr. Monroe, when minister to connection of title. They now only ask that conclusions at which I desire to arrive, to a few 
of the salient points in the history of this terri- 
Paris, occupied, with the legation, a-house which Congress will confinn the titlc of these individ- 
If Now uals to the lands they have purchased of the State, torial question. 
was the property of the United States. 
The proper or(yanization and government of 
Granada and Costa Rica have no law prohibiting under an act of the Legislature passed in pursu- 
I have herc in my these Territories has bcen a source of trouble and 
it, the Government of the' United States can buy ance of an act of Congress. 
just so much land in New Granada or Costa Rica desk the act of the Legislature, the act of Con- I 
embarrassment to the Federat Government from 
the first territorial acquisition to the, present day. 
gress, and the ordinance referring to the subject. 
as we may need. 
It fs an T'he eminent men who framed the Constitution of 
The Government of the Ullited States would, 'I'here is nothing w rant-r in it whatever. 
perhaps, hold this property by the same tenure as act simply for justice to these individuals. the United States, and who, with such prophetic 
have consulted t.lie, Commissioner of the Geb- wisdom, provided so well for most of the contin- 
the Government of Great Britain holds similar 
possessions in I-Ionduras—as a mere usufruct to et•nl Land Office and asked his view in reference gencics which have arisen, seem never to have 
to it, and he recommended this mode of confirm- II realized the importance which this subject was 
cut log-wood. We will not clain'l territorial or civii 
I now ask leavc destined to assume, honce omitted to make 
jurisdiction over it; we acquire only the right of ing the title of these persons. 
such specific provis•ms for the acquisition and 
use and occupation in the harbors and coal mines, to introduce this bill, if there be no objection. 
I object to any i! government of new districts of country as expe- 
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. 
and the right of trailsit for our mails, &c., over 
rience has since shown to be highly desirable. 
ii business being done. 
the railroad when constructed. 
As to the constitutional powers of this Govern- 
Mr. Chairman, I shall conclude with one or Mr. LOGAN. I-would like to know what ob- ! I 
ii ment., in these respects, we have had to rely 
t'.vo general considerations. The gentleman from jcction the gentleman has to the biil. 
mainly upon inferences from the grant of other 
Missouri appealed to the House on the score of I I Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. It was the undor- 
economy. Sir, I venture to say that no measure standing, when the House took recess, that there povvers more clearly defined. 
The first idea seemed rather to be to hold and 
was to be no business done. 
has ever been presented in the history of this Gov- I 
Mr. JUNK IN. It was the agreement simply govern the vrerritories as provinces, Congress to 
ernment, involving the expenditure of $300,000, I 
enact all laws necessary for this purpose. The 
for which privileges of equal value to the Gov- that no vote was to be taken. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. It may be done by gen- next proposition was to organize them as incipient 
ernment, or of more importance to its citizens, 
i I and quasi-indepeodcnt States outside of the Union , 
eral consent without taken any vote. 
were to be secured. If this contract be not ful- 
Mr. LEACH, of IVIichigan.' I sympathize very to be admitted into the Confederacy as soon as 
filled by the Government, there are capitalists in 
thov were deemed to have a suffcient population. 
New York who will give double the sum for the much with the gentleman. 
same privileges. England stands ready, without Mr. LOGAN. I do not ask the gentleman's This has been usually known as Mr. Jefferson's 
plan; finally, however, the policy was adopted of 
doubt, to seize the opportunity which may sympathy. 
I Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. Because I am in organizing temporary or provisional governments 
It would be worth millions to Great Brit- 
lose. 
I have for them, at the discretion, and to exist durinr 
ain. - The great advantage which these parties very much the same situation with him. 
the pleasure, of Congress. This policy was in- 
will secure by blendinm their interests With the been unable to get the floor; but I come here to- 
night, however, and find myself almost in entire augurated in the adoption of the ordinance of 
Government of the United States in the manner 
I have no objection to 1787, and has been continued, with varyingamend- 
now contemplated is, that their railroad and possession of the floor. 
harbor and coal mines will have the protection II the introduction of the gentleman's Gill; but I ments and modifications, to the present day. 
II shall certainly object to his putting it on its pas- Under this system Federal Government, as a 
which this country will always extend to its eiti- 
zens legitimately employed in the vast American sage; because it would be violation of what I general proposition, appoints the executive and 
commerce now rapidly concentrating on the Isth- understand to have been the aÜreeme-nt of the {judicial officers of the 'Ilerritories. These things 
i occurred , however, during the old Congress of the 
mus which divides two great oceans, and connects House. 
i' The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present oc- Confederation, and before the adoption of the Con- 
the continents of North and South America. 
Mr. POTTLE resumed the floor, but yielded euparatof the chair would not feel himself author- stitution of the, United States, and hence do not 
to B'lr. SCOTT, who moved that the Committee I i ized to receive any bill under the arrangement furnish precedents of binding authority 'if found 
which he understands was made this morning in at • all in conflict with any of -the provisions or 
rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
principles of the existing Constitution. 
the House, that the evening session was to be 
