1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
. threshold, is as follows: they propose to a-mend 
a league or compact, merely, between the different 21st of March, referring to those resolutions, 
t.he Constitution in a way unconstitutional. 
States, which they may disregard and break, or spoke as follows: 
'CThere is another tribunal before which [himseR A rnon(' the most. important -provisions :in- -:the 
boldly violate, at their discretion. The Govern- 
and his colleague, Mr. •Frelinghuysen] shall most il Constitution of a Government 'like Ours-are-those 
ment of the Union is divided by the Constitution 
cheerfully our accusers, and as cbeerru\ly abide the verdict 
providing for its amendment in-the future. These, 
into three departrnents—the executive, the legisla- 
and judgmellt, which shall be rendered after the hearing, so 
so to spe-ak, stand as sentinels Over it,' to -Wiitdh 
tivc, and the judicial. The legislative branch is far as thcy shall affect us personally, however we inay 
again dividcd into a Senate and a House of Rcp- 
resent8tives, with the power of approval and a 
negation in the President. 
This const,ilutes the whole legislative power•of 
the Union; but if the Legislature of a State have 
the right to instruct its Senators in Cong&ss, and 
is to be oboyed, then the Legislatures of the sev- 
era] States become a portion of the Legislature of 
the Union; and a power is added to this depart- 
ment of the Government unknown and foreign to 
the Constitution, the first article of which ex- 
pressly says: Jlll legislative powers herein 
(Fran ted be vested ina Congress of the United 
St.ates. 
If a have, the power to instruct her Sen- 
ators in Congress, then they become her agents 
simply, to make known her wishes and to execute 
her will. 'lthis cannot be. Such a position makes 
them virtually a mere machine to record her" ayes 
and noes;" and that might just as well bedone by 
I believe that modern 
mechanism as by a man. 
skiii has contrived a mode for such a purpose. 
for the laws and our country. That tribunal all approaches to abd all attacks upon it, and to 
is the people of New Jersey, who we Inost solemnly be- determine their true and real character, whether 
lieve, and think we have abuildant evidence for our belief, 
thev come from real friends or secret foes. 
•were not correctly represented in those instructions. 
I is it true that the Legislature has a right, in disregaid of! They are designed. to secure stability and per- 
I popular opinion, and against the wishes of their own eon. 
Étltuents, to control the other agents of those constituents? 
Is the power vested in the on tbts point inde- 
pendent of the people ot• tho State? Are they in that the 
masters Dt' the people? had supposed that the people 
were the, source of power, and that their will was as con- 
trolling in its action on t.he :nembers of the Legislat_ure on 
this subjectas on any other ; and that their connnands were 
only to bc regarded us valid when they confonn to the in- 
'Phis may 
structions and comrnands of their constituents. 
be skepticism, but beg to say that it is old Republicanism 
and Dcmocracy; not tliat of modern day, "'hicll secms to 
requirc that the will of a few who happen to be in the Le- 
i gislature, or are leaders of a party, should be obeyed, in 
despite of the opinions and wishes of the people. Sit, be- 
lievil)" as f do, that rny constituents disapprove the act of 
thc Execntive, I should be guilty of treason towards them 
if I obeyed the orders of othcrs, in approving that act 
against nw own judglnent. 
I turn now to the remarks of a Senator, also 
from New Jersey, who, in his day, was good uu- 
thority with the friends with whom hc acted—a 
Mr. President, I take the liberty of saying, but I 
øendcman beloved while living, and whose mem- 
with great respect, that so far as the Const.itut.ion 
is concerned, the State from which I come has no let mc is now revered by me. Sir, hc 
was my friend. 
morc legal right to load me with instructions than On the 2'3d of March, 1838, the matter of legis- 
I have her, and my only deference to her, in this 
lativc instructions being the subject of his notice, 
particular, would arise solely from the superior 
General Wall then said: 
wisdonn, intelligence, and patriotism of the I 
Mr. President, vvhile I acknowledge, the duty of' obedi- 
jority in her .prese,nt Legislature, added to thcil' 
ence to instructions, it is right me to say that do not 
better means of knowledge—acting from a dis- 
acknowledge the right the Legislature to play wit.h it as 
I will not be made the 
wax, and to Ino}d it to any fornn 
tance—than I possess, from being present on the 
instrument of its abuse ; nor shah it bc prostituted to fraud- 
manency to it; -to afford the opportunity for- all 
necessary to protect it from all hasty , 
impassioned, and revolutionary action. 
A Government framed on mature deliberation, 
by the very men who won their independence at 
the cannon's mouth, for the protection of their 
rights, and to secure freedom to themselves and 
their posterity, should not be changed or altered 
except for the weightiest reasons, and then only in 
the most solemn, calm, and unimpassioned man- 
ner. 
These were the motivos which actlia-ted the 
framers of the Constitution, when they; in the 
fifth article, specifically provided the two modes, 
and only two, for its amendment: ohe by Con- 
gress, whenever two thirds of both I-louses shall 
deem it necessary; tl'le other, when the •Legisla- 
tares of two thirds of the, several Statcs should 
call a converftion proposing such amendments; 
which, in either case, should be valid as a part 
of' the Constitution, only when ratified by the 
Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, 
or by conventions in three fourths thereof, which- 
ever mode of might be proposed by 
I Congress. 
So, by the Constitution, proposed amend men ts 
are to oriTinate, either with Congress or the State 
i Legislatures, and only when a large preponder- 
• . -—not a mere majority—is in favor of 
atingr voice 
spot, and acting in the midst of all surroundin.o• 
o ulent purposes through my aid. 
I am no Jew : and L do 
not believe that if n) y enc.lny disregards the Sabbath, and I them; and on nutture deliberation, after time has 
circumstances. 
been afforded for reflection and consideration, 
But, Mr. Prosiflel')t, this instruction by the Le- I Illakes war on rne„ on that day, that the conunand to keep 
and nob with the, people, in a time Of high excite- 
it holy torbids self-defense." 
gislature of a State is not a novel question, so far 
ment and political acerbity, engendered by the 
But, Mr. President, I hesitat.e obeying these 
as New Jersey is concerned. She has instructed 
1 belicvc them flashincr heats and fiercc c.oateF)tions of a pt•csi• 
instructions for another reason. 
her Senators on this floor, before to-day. On the 
11th of January, 1834, a l)emocratic Legislature, to bc contrary to the wishes of the people. of that dential or by thc disappointments of a 
by resolutions instructed her Senators then in State. I listen to the instructiorns contained io the party overthrow. 
Congress to sustain, by their votes and influence, expression of their voices qt the last election. I i Sir, in tho way provided by t.he Constitution, 
al ready made 
the course adopted by the then Secretary of the i The voice of the people, sir, is at. least as potent 
thereto; and experience has proved that the ac- 
'Treasury, Mr. Taney, in relation to the bank of with me as the Legislature. At the last election 
tion of its frarners. in this respect, was most 'Vise 
I there were cast for Mr. Lincoln in that State, 
the United States, and the deposits of the public 
If the Constit.ution needs amend- 
(composed and prudent. 
58,324 votes; for the fusion ticket" 
{'moneys. On the 20th of January, of that year, 
a Senator from that State, who still lives to of three electors friendly to the Senator f'rcnn lili- mont, Ict it be amended in the way and mode pro- 
vided by it. Any other mode wilt lead to endless 
"nois, [Mr. DOUGLAS,] two in favor of the Presi- 
trate the character, combined, of a patriot and 
dent of the Senate, [MI'. Breckinridge,] and t,wo strifes for chunges and for alterations. 
Christian gentleman, (l refer to Mr. Frelinghuy- 
of a distinguished citizen of Tcnnessce) there Now as regaids the subject-matter of the reso- 
scn,) said: 
I take the liberty here, to say, on this 
were cast 62,801 A large nun] ber ',vho lutions. 
I know that shall have tbe syrnpalhics oft.hc Senate, 
occasion, I could cordially support several of these 
I voted this " fusion ticket" were Douglas Demo- 
when I recall to then) the instructions lately transtuitted 
prop()sitions. 
by the, Legislat.ure of the State which I, in part, have the 
crats; certainly one third, I bcliovc rnuca more. 
'I'his is a great national question. 
honor to represent. 
con)ED011 concern to us ail; for these instructions are mul- 
for distinct and 
tinlvina. and call, certainly from me, sir, 
'J_'he ilnport of these instructions, I ad- 
rcepecttUi notice. 
rehe tertns arc unequivocal 
'nit, sir, cannot be m istaken. 
and piain to any apprehension. 'i'hey instruct us to 
Elin , by our votes and influence. the course of the Secretary 
of the 'l'rcasury in retnoval of tho deposits. What arc 
the natu re and claims of legislative instructions? 
Lt'ßisiature has the iuhcreilt riollt, le•rislativcly, and de- 
tachcd ['rom their constittlents, to direct the political con- 
in Congress, I can never subscribe to. 
duet of a Seljator 
Sir, wl-l€re has such a riglit been dctegatcd by the people? 
A Legislature oc the State instruct or direct Senate of 
! Why, Mr. President, we had better 
the Uliited States 
change places at once. 
But when the resolutions of the Legislature can be sat- 
isfactorilv regarded as thc clear indication of public senti- 
ment, deliberate and abiding, [ am bound to hold then), 
as do hofd them, io most respcctiUI consideration. And 
jud:unent. a nd conscience, I should prcnnpt}y surrender 
a trust that couid no longer bc held in hannony with my 
But here sir, pny 
constituents. 
an) not satisfied that these resolutions are the snre index 
of decided public sell{irneut. Sir. you know that, for the 
last five years, our political atmosphere has been verv rnuch 
'I'he wheel is turtlilåg now, and unless I 
to 
I On the subject of the rendition of fugitives from 
'I'hcse did not cast' their votes for tbc establish- 
labor, have made known n') y views, already, in 
ment of' slavery in the Territories, or to recognize 
or protect it there as property by congressional II the few remarks I offered in the Senate, at its for- 
mer session, and •I am glad to know the public 
in torvention. 
I am 
Their doctrine, as I understood it, was directly mind is coming to its senses on this point. 
It was against conTressional intcr- ready now to amend the act of 1850, so as to cure 
the reverse. 
it of the objections urged against it, and to make 
i ference with the domestic institutions of the peo- 
il so efficient, as to enforce completely the provi- 
I ple in the Tl'erritories. Those who cast their votes 
sions of the Oonstitution in this particular. 
for Mr. Lincoln did so in accordance with the 
I am in favor of the repeal of all laws that pro- 
Chicago platforno, which expressly declares f 
I hihit or interfere with the full, fair, and faithful 
i aoainst the extension of slavery in the Territvo- 
execution of the actsof Congress on this -subject, 
ries. Of these there were over fifty-eight thou- 
sand. Deduct from this two thirds of L he fusion (of which I am happy now to say we have hone 
vote, near forty-two thousand, and there is left in New Jersey; but, on the contrary, have in aid 
against it, still, some sixteen thousand votes. thereof;) while I, at the same time, am in favor 
Add to them the three thousand straight Douglas of maintaining such laws as punish all unlawful 
votes also cast in that election, and there is a ma- attempts and conspiracies to capture, kidnap, and 
jority of some nineteen thousand in the State op- carry off free men,eilherwhite or black, into hope- 
posed to it, and virtually opposed to the lead- II less bondage; and k would also insist, forever in- 
ing proposition contained in the resolutions of the sist, upon the faithful observance of 
violated article of the Constitution which declares 
i patriotic Senator from Kentucky, fivfr. CR.ITTEN- 
DEN.] And vet the Legislature of New Jersey, ! that the citizens of each State shall be entitled 
with an accidental majority in one. of its two I-to all privileges and immunities of citizens of the 
tnisread the language of events that are passing, impulses 
are givcn to its ntotion that wilt bring them to a whirl. 
branches, most strangely and most suddenly ac- several States." 
of duty to an influence frotn this giddy seat of power? r quired, by a strict party vote, on a suspension of Again: could cheerfully support every meas- 
quite conscious of the delicacy Of my i I the rules, havc undertaken to instruct us here to ure which will effectually prevent the citizens of 
vote against the wishes of the people, as declared one State from interferinc.' with the domestic in- 
think not. 
but I trust that shall Ineet it without fear. 
stitutions of another, either by armed bands of 
"'iH further sav. sir, llhate,ven the opiiiions ofa State 
by them on the 6th day of November last. 
mu rderous ruffians making bloody raids therein, 
sve!E known, occasions Inay arise toa Representa- 
Sir, as vv•as said by General Wall, the Legisla- 
tive of" the people—rare grant—when the emergency is of 
(whose punishment I vvould provide for, as New 
that deeply eventful nature, when he must go alone, so to ture of that State shall not mold like wax this 
with an all the confidence of his country. into doctrine Of instructions, nor make it answer in i Jersey has already done, by statute;) or by more 
open and authoritative acts on the part of the gov- 
their hands the merest party ends. 
and sink or rise, as success shall crown his in- 
Now, to come- to the resolutions of the Senator ernment or people of any State, to make, incite, 
the crisis. 
His colleague in the Senate at the time, now no from Kentucky, as amended with his consent and or set on fi)0t, any such unlawful acts or inter- 
trepid conduct." 
more, (LMr. Southard,) whosc voice so often filled by a vote of the Senate, let me say: the first ob- ference. And, sir, speaking for myself' I 
that Chamber with itseloquence, on the following jection that i make to them, and lying at the very would not be helped to a single glass of pure cold 
