682 
least degree, to hinder the performance of any I 
service which may be due from him who is held 
to labor, to the person to whom such labor may 
be due, ih any place or jurisdiction where the local 
law renders such service legal and obligatory. I 
would leave that entirely to- the local authority of 
the place, and to the judgment and the consciences 
of those who may require it; who are responsible 
for, and ready to assume, the consequences of it. 
Nor do L see why Congress should hinder or 
by law prohibit the transportation of persons 
held to service from one State to another, either 
by land or water, provided no such transporta- 
tion or any traffcking in slaves should be per- 
mitted in the States now free, or in the waters 
flowing through them; but I would ever punish 
with the pains of death that execrable com- 
met•ce" which Mr. Jefferson, in the original draft 
of the Declaration of Independence, called with 
truth, a piratical warfäre, the opprobrium of in- 
fidel Powers, and the warfare of the Christian 
King of Great Britain, determined to keep open 
a market where men should be boughtand sold." 
know, sir, that there are men, even in this our 
day, who claim to view this traffic as a Christian 
blessing; claiming that it opens Africa to religious 
influence, and brings its sacred blaze to glow upon 
the heathen mind. It does, indeed, upon those 
killed in wars incited for their capture; it does, 
indeed, on those who die in transit, and, like dead I 
cats and dogs, are cast into the sea; it may, in- 
deed, on those who reach a crowded mart, and 
find their way at last to fields of endless toil! 
They say our patriotic fathers were mistaken; that 
they did not understand themselves. But, sir, such 
unen as these, to gain their selfish ends, not only 
would denounce their words, but hurl the idols of 
their former worship from their altars, and, creep- 
ing up, like insects, on the. sides, presu n')f_! to take 
their places in their stead. 
A.nd so, Mr. Presidclit, I might go on and state 
my views on all the several matters to in 
these resolutions; but as the objection I enter- 
Zain to the first article will preclude my voting for 
them in their present shape, I will not trespass 
further on the patience of the Senate by a special 
reference to them. 
M y objection to the first article, as now amended , 
is, it does not restore the Missouri cotnpronlise 
merely, as some suppose and claim it does. 
provides that— 
In all the territory south 01' that line of latitude—360 
30'—now held or to be hereafter acquired, slavery of the 
African race iS hereby recoønized as exist.intr, aud shall not. 
be interfered with by C.ongress, but shall be protected as 
property all tbc departments of the territorial govern- 
ment during its eontinuauce. 
Now, sir, this I cannot vote for. 
In view of 
what I now believe, to be a well-established pur- 
pose and design, 
in certain ' quarters, ns shown 
by past events, to extend the power of this Gov- 
ernlnent. over Mexico, Central Amcrica, Cuba, i 
and the islands of the sea, such an amendmeilt to 
(he Constitution would, soon or late, consign this 
•continent, south of us and north of I Darien, to thc 
il)fluences of slavery, political and social. This, 
I claim, would be unjust to the northern portion 
of this Union, and wbuld, through the operation 
of the three-fifths rule, on which the right of rep- 
resentation is based in Congress, extend this right 
beyond the lilY1its contemplated by the framers of 
the Constitution. It would be unjust to the toil- 
incr millions of free white men, who labor for a 
living with their own hands; and against the spirit 
of our institutions, fran•led to advance the inter- 
est.s (_)f freemen, everywhere within the shadow of 
their influence. But, sir, Kansas having been 
admitted as a State, and this act of tardy justice 
done at last, could give my vote for the passage 
of an act, enabling the people of so much of the 
Territory of New Mexico as lies south of the line t 
of 360 30' to come into the Union as a State, with 
such a constitution with regard to slavery or free- 
dom as they might choose. to frame, provided 
involuntary servitude, unless asa punishment for • 
crime, be forever prohibited in the Territories 
north of that line of latitude. 
This would violate no provision of the Consti- 
tution. This 'Would be in accordance with former 
It would, or ought to, put an end to i 
precedent. 
this unholy controversy; and would, or ought, 
If II 
effL•ctually to silencc all strife and agitation. 
however, no adjustment can be made, if this Union 
Inust be destroyed, it will be upon a theory, on 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1, 
the most miserpble abstraction in the world? Sir, 
the present status in the Territories is already 
I fthis Union be 
fixed—is a " fact accomplished. " 
dissolved, the madness of the act will be equaled 
only by its stupendous folly? The dissolution of 
the Union, did I say! No, sir; no. It may bc 
attempted; we may have strife and conflict; we 
may have blows and bloodshed; we may have 
war, " grim-visaged war;" but this Union of our 
fathers, this blessed Union, this priceless heri- 
tage, cannot be destroyed without a struggle—a 
struggle long protracted. Nations spring not into 
being in a day; nor do they vanish in an hour. 
They do not die as infants do. They feel by far a 
greater pang than when a giant dies, They must 
protect themselves; they must protect their pow- 
they must preserve their limits; they must 
maintain control! The law of self-defense applies 
as well to them as to individuals. No; this Union 
cannot be destroyed! Man, in his mad folly, 
may attempt it; but man, in his blind rage, cannot I 
effect it. Humanity, civilized, enlightened, will 
denounce it. God, in his goodness and his mercy, 
wili not permit it! 
confusion that the Chair cannot hear Senators. 
The Chair understood some Senator to object. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 object. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the resolu- 
tion will lie- over. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk* announced that the 
House had' passed the bill of the Sehate (S. No. 
64) to authorize the extension and use ofa branch 
of the Alexandria, Loudoun', and Hampshire rail- 
road, within the city of Georgetown. 
The message further announced that the House 
had passcd a'bill (H. R. No. 970) to regulate the 
compensation of the keeper and assistant keepers 
of the light-house on Minot's Ledge, in the har- 
bop of Boston, Massachusetts, and for other pur- 
poses; in which the concurrence of the Senate 
was requested. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
The message further announced that the House 
had concurred in some, non-concurred in others, 
and concurred in other amendments of the Senate 
But nay; come, let us turn away from such a 
to the bill (H. R. No. 714) establishing certain 
topic. Lct us turn OUL' eyes -from fierce conten- i i 
tions and from bloody strifes. Lct us turn away 
from States discordant and belligerent. Let us 'i 
rather turn to South Carolina—to South Caro- 
It is a morning in July. It is the II 
lina in 1831. 
nation 's jubilee. The scene is Charleston. Her 
sons are gathered aroul'ld the festive board. The 
patriotic speech and toasts cro round. Harrno- 
nious voices rise upon the air. The listening car 
attends, and this the " burden of the song: 
Hail ! our country's natal morn ; 
onr spreading kindred born ; 
Hail! onr banner, yet untorn, 
Waving o'er the free ! 
While this (lay, in festal throng, 
Millions swell the patriot s(.'ng, 
Shall not we their notes prolohg•? 
Hallowed jul)itec ! 
HTho would sever Freed01D's shrine ? 
M" ho would draw thc invidious linc ? 
'Though, by birth, one be Inine., 
l)car i* all rest. 
Doar to Ine tbc South's fair land, 
Dea.r the central Inountain band, 
Dear New England's rocky strand, 
.1)ear the prairied VVcst ! 
By our altars, pure and free, 
By our law"s deep-rooted tree, 
Bv the past's dread Illctnory, 
By our Washington, 
By our cmntnon parernt tongue, 
By our hopes—bright, brilliant, youn«— 
By the ties of country, strong 
We "'ill stiil be one. 
have ye. bled in vain ? 
" Fathers • 
Aycs.! mt.tst. ye droop arrain ? 
Maker! shall we rashly stain 
Blessings sent frotn 'l'hee ? 
No ! receive our solemn vow, 
WV hike before 'Thy throne we bow, 
Ever to tnaintail), as now 
Union—Libert.v f." 
The resolutions were ordered to be printed. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
post routes, with amendments. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The .message further announced that the House 
, had ordered, yesterday, the printing of the follow- 
, ing documents: 
letter from the Secretary of War, transmit- 
ting, in answer to a resolution of tho House, cop- 
ies of correspondence in reference to General Har- 
ney 's administration of the military department 
in Oregon—ordered at twelve o 'clock and sixteen 
min utes. 
A letter from the Treasurer of the United States 
transmitting copies of the Treasurer's accounts 
for the service of the Post Office Department— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes. 
Resolves of the Legislature of the State of New 
Jersey in relation to the Union of the States— 
ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen minutes. 
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA. 
The Senate resumed the consmeration of the 
i messacre of the President of the United States 
communicated to the Senate on the 28th instant, 
t pending question being on the motion of Mr. 
I T Asov to print extra numbers. 
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. President, 1 have here- 
tofore studiously avoided referring to the present 
unhappy condition ofour country. - Nothing which 
a representative from California could have said, 
would allay a fraction of the prevalent excite- 
ment, or persuade Senators to follow the path of 
patriotic duly. 
That State has no immediate vital connection 
wi th the irritati ng cause , the co nsequences of wh ich 
are now before the American people, excepting 
the deep interest her citizens naturally feel in the 
integrity ofa country and a nationality as dear to 
and as much valued by them as by any other por- 
tion of the Confederacy. Enjoying an immunity 
from the horrors so graphically depicted by Sen- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one 
ators, to which we seem inevitably drifting, lying 
o'clock having al't•ived, the Chair must call up the 
i peaceful\y in the arms of the great Sierra Nevadas 
special order. The special order for this hour is 
which encircle her, she contemplates, dispassion- 
the message of the President, communicating to 
ately, the dangers encompassing the nation 's path- 
the Senate a series of resolutions adopted by the 
way, and the many remédies proposed. I con- 
Legislature of Virginia; but the bill (S. No. 366) | 
scientiously desire to speak with her voice, 
to provide for a temporary government. for the 
to act as I believe by her dictation, upon the pres- 
Territory of Idaho, being the unfinished business i 
ent or future events. 
of yesterday, takes precedence. By general con- 
soot, h owever, the Senator from California, [Mr. Melancholy as it is, disunion—a word which, 
i some thirty years ago, the immortal Calhoun did 
LATHAM,] who is eut.itled to the floor upon thc 
President's Inessagc, may proceed. 
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES. 
not venture to pronounce, a thing which even the 
boldest amontr us scarcely ventured to injir, and 
which was infét•red rather in terrorem tilan with 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator begins, 
any expectation of realization 
—has now become 
I ask Icave to offer a resolution; and, if there is familiar to American ears as household words. 
no objection, I hope that it will be considered Men who would have shuddered at tho whisper 
ten years aÜ0, are now compelled to grapple with 
now: 
Resolved, 'I'llat. a comn)ittee be appointed by the Presi- 
it hand to hand, to calculate the greater or less 
dent of the Senate, to consist of three to join disastrous consequences which must follow in the 
euch committec as may be appointed by the flouse of Rep- 
train of that, so terrible a catast.rophe. What but 
resentatives, to ascertain and report a inode for examining 
the votes for President and Vice President of the United a short time aco was the midnight dream of a few 
States, and notifying the persons chosen of their election• isolated men, has now become a fearful noon-day 
reality, with which we have to deal as men and 
Mr. LATHAM. Is that disposed of? 
legislators. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears 
It is needless, now, to regret; to re- 
no objection to the present consideration of the view the steps and meastffes, the inen or parties, 
resolution. 
by w,nch this monstrous change in the hearts of 
Mr. .B[GLER. 1 object to it. 
so great a portion of our countrymen has been 
VICE PRESIDENT. There is so much brought about—to make this or that Inan respons- 
