1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
683 
ible for the mischief. These empty seats too 
plainiy tcll us that the evil is upon us, and we 
must palliate or arrest it as we may. 
It is impossible to deny that the. ties of frater- 
nity which once bound the States as a nation 
have been loosened, if not altogether broken; that 
men heretofore counted as patriots, north and 
south, are looking upon our Federal Government 
either as tyrannical and unjust, or as too weak 
and powerlesé to afford them adequate protection 
of life and property; and -we have arrived at thal 
period in our brief national history, when our 
free insti tutions, instead of inspiring confidence, 
torical sense, speak of the causes and probable confide the drawing up of such an instrument to 
consequences of revolutions; but the question of' a mere plurality of votes. We are already 
right depends on the issue of the trial, and involves as a definite constitutional Goverhment; 
as a confederate Republic; and we are bound -to 
nothing less than tbe success or defeat of those 
engaged, and the respective positions of the ac- 
preserve that Government in its true spirit, and 
with all the checks and balances which piotect 
cused and their judges. 
The framers of our Constitution, no doubt, in- the minority from the encroachments of the arbi- 
tended to establish a Government, and for that rea- trary will of the majority. Nothing is more nat- 
son they could not make provision for its spon- ural than that the South, whose protest against 
taneous destruction. Neither could they have gratuitous and inexcusable interference has been 
seriously entertained the idea of coercion, as it is 
sounding in our ears for more than thirty years, 
generally understood and applied by Senators on should now be clamorous to secure, beyond con- 
this floor, which would have been tantamount to tingency, her rights, resortintr even to armed rev- 
their providing for civil war. The very Declara- olution, rather than continue in a state of perpetual 
strike terror and dismay into nearly one half the 
, tion of Independence says that all just authority political warfare, and personal insecurity. 
Confederacy of States. 
It is in vain for us of the North to boa-st Of our 
Vain is the endeavor to calm the excitement, is derived from the consent of the governed, and 
or to allay the apprehensions of our brethren, not from the means the Government may hold at creater physical power and material resources. 
by assuring them that there is no new cause for its disposal to enforce obedience to its decrees. r he rnen of the South are our own brethren; they 
such alarm. Our people belong to a race of men Our Government is one of reason, of voluntary belong to the same Anglo-Saxon race, and will 
not easily terrified by phantoms of danger, mere 
creations of a föverish brain. They are accus- 
tomed to look realities in the face—to go half way 
to meet them. It is this very characteristic of 
our people wl'iich increases the difficulties of the 
situatön, by affording us too little time for con- 
sideration and deliberate action. 
The South feel less indignant, perhaps, at the 
wrongs which have been actually committed , than 
apprehensive of others which may be perpetrated 
at a time not far distant; and they are as men re- 
solved to meet the issue at the. very threshold. 
They protest against the theory of wroncy•, affainst 
any interpretation of the Constitution which 
threatens tlieir vested rights; and against the ex- 
ercise of every power not surrounded by those 
checks and balances which they deem indispen- 
sable to liberty, equality, and safety in the Union. 
As far as this mode of reasoning goes, consider- 
ing their standpoint, I cannot al together condemn, 
though might not be willing to follow it to all 
submission to constitutional authority, depending not be intitnidated, but rather aroused, by such 
for strength and cohesion upon the affection of i) an appcal to mere numerical disparity. Such 
the people, and on that just and wise administra- devices are not only unworthy of us, but are at 
tion of public affairs which makes it the interest all times absolutely wicked and cfiminal. Sir, if 
of States and individuals to uphold and protect it. questions nearePhome should hereafter divide our 
The framers of the Constitution thought of no own community of votes, who shall say that some 
other means of perpetuating the Government they men of turbulent spirit, some would-be leaders, 
inspired witli the supremacy of numbers, may not 
had established; and left it, by that sublime omis- 
sion, no other alternative but to be just, or to institute unpleasant comparisons between what 
the many want and the few refuse ? The few are 
perish. 
As a check on revolutions, they relied on the always pronounced selfish, and the many always 
loyalty of the States and interest of the people, on I clailn in behalf of public justice; for justice, ac- 
their attachment to the Government of the.n• own I cording to the satirical expounder of Athenian 
choice, and on their conviction that it was the very freedom, (Aristophanes,) is always the interest 
best Government possible for mortal man to es- of the tnajority.' 
It behooves us of the North not 
tablish, because most efficient in securing the great to carry our numerical arguments in behalf of the 
I negro too far, lest some one may hereafter apply 
ends of all government—order and protection. 
Here, then, we have the historical stand-point them to other themes "in the interestof society," 
from which to judge our present condition, and and to classes of men not distinguished from us by 
the inevitable consequences to which, unaltered, l! the aristocratic element of color. 
To reiterate, our Government is one of rcason; 
it must lead. There is no doubt that the con- ' 
tinued agitation and harping upon the slavery of voluntary submission to law; and it can cxist 
the direful consequences. I willing to admit, 
however, as they boldly assert, that there is cause question in the non-sluveholding States for the only so long as it is true to itself and its great mis- 
sion. It possesses from its very nature but a qual- 
—roan') for action; the proper II space of nearly a third of a century, and more 
for apprehension 
ified coercive power, and it loses its character, 
question for our consideration being, to what ex- than onc third of the period of our national exist- 
II 
once, has deeply the southern attachment ti c.egses to boa free Government within the meaning 
tent are these apprehensions justified, and within 
what reasonable and just limits ought the action to the Union; that it has arrayed the two geo- W of the Constitution, when it employs force for its 
of States to be confined at this momentous period. graphical sections of the country against each •i own maintenance. Ifthesouthcrn States—believ- 
ing their instit.utions, the property and lives of 
I do not propose to discuss the doctrine of se- I other; that it has separated religious communities; 
tl'lCir own citizens—no longer safe in the Union, 
cession, as to rny mind a greater political paradox that it has planted distrust and hatred in northern 
and southern hearts, and created that sense of in- choose to separate and conduct a government of 
was never uttered than asserting the constitu- 
Its fallacy has security and injustice to the latter which is less I i their own, exercise ofpowervc.stc,d in the Pres- 
tional right of a State to secede. 
been clearly and unanswerably demonstrated by tolerable than a state of open warfare acrainst a idcntof the United Süc_ltcs or in Congress can pre- 
the distinguished Senators frorn I Iiinois [Mr. declared enemy. Practically, it is worse than idle vent it, however disastrous to public welfare and 
DOUGLAS] and Tennessee, C Mr. JOHNSON;] and to say that a conservative sentiment pervades a damnin«r to national reputation such a sopurat_ion 
large portion of the people of the northern States i! nyay prove to the aggregate, of the American people. 
lucid exposition. 
nothing can be added to their 
The doctrine enunciated by the distinguished Scn- II when tho fact stands out in bold relief that the il I consider ita work oti supererogation to enter at 
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. BENJAMIN,] that the don-ninant Republican party lives there alone and all upon the constitutionality" of such a ques- 
thrives by the agitation of the slavery question: 
tion. 
St,ate$, in formiru„r the Constitution, having failed 
in express tenns to delegate such power as would and that, as a party, it is bound to cherish that . \ Let not be understood as subscribing to the 
It is as possible if doctrine so often enunciated on this floor, that 
by which it lives and prospers. 
make the Union permanent, each State has, there- 
there is no power in the Government of the Uni- 
to live without food as for a thorough Republican 
fore, among its reserved powers the right of with- 
' the slavery ted States to enforce its own written and acknowl- 
- to exist without the acritalion of 
drawal at pleasure, is to my n•iind equally unten 
question." Numbers of intelligent Republicans cdo•ed laws. Sit, I will never so libel my own 
I admit, as a general proposition, för noth- 
ing is truer, that whatever political power is not are no doubt fully aware of the enormity of their Government, or the memory of the illustrious 
ffrantcd by the Constitution is reserved to the doctrines, and believc in then no more than the men who made it. There is power, complct.e and 
States; but this reservation cannot include what augurs of Rome believed in their own prophesies; adequate, to secure obediencc to the law from any 
disorderly community, or the more *erious end 
is at 01')ce destructive of the powers expressly but they find anti-slaverv sentiments the means 
of enförcing the letter of the laws the United 
grautcd. True, there is no power exprcsscd in the I of acquiring popularity, influence, and power; 
Const.itution whereby the States severally part • and they do not, therefore, think it worth while States in one State in actual revolt. But the ap- 
to use their talents and intellectual capacities in I plication of such power is always within the dis- 
with all right of withdrawing frotll Union 
when they singly or collectively deem their rights the far less remunerative efforts of stncere and cretion of the Government, and the necessity and 
tranopled upon and their interests violated; but judicious statesrnanship. It is at all timesa morc consequences znust be considered. 
because not so expressed, it does not necessarily 'facile task to excite passions than to satisfy reason. fbre, not a community or a State, but rnany 
be doubted that thcrc is a States, actincr in unison, and with the 
It cannot, however, 
follow that it is a reserved right, for the reason 
stroncr conservative feeling in Inany men-Ibers of 'I sympathies of even others cornprising the Con- 
that such reservation would be at variance with, 
and destructive of, all the other powers expressed. tbc Republican party; and that ground may be federation, rise up in revolution, with the spirit 
It is saying Governrne.nt, no Government; it is shared, to some extent, by the President elect; of one mighly ernpire, talking bete about force 
poliäcal life and death existing and ruling at the but it is to be feared it may bc confined to a very and coercion against such a movernent is prepos- 
'I'en million people, 
strong desire to preserve the Union without sur- 
saine time, in one and the same body. 
believincr their hearthstones to be ruthiessly in- 
rendering any of the cardinal points ofthc Repub• 
Nor do I propose discussing the rioht of rev- 
vadcd, tileir domestic institutions destroyed, and 
lican faith. All such conservatism, it is needless 
olütion , " as the distinguished Senator from Geor- 
their nationality degraded; their equality in a 
gia, not now in his seat, [Mr. TOOMBS, I boldly to say, at this time, is by itself of small practical 
nnd properly called the action of South Carolina value. The southern States arc not willing to Government, resting alone on equality, annihi- 
II 
and his own State. 'That is a right inherent in trust their destiny or that of this great nation to lated: sirs, not all the armies from the time of' the 
man ; l)ut also a right must be denied by such conservatism. They require more than a Cæsars till our day could force them to adhere, 
to love, or to obey a Governtneht whose execu- 
every existing Government, unless it be willing to merc promise to feel surc there will be an absti 
tivc power is irretrievably and openly committed, 
nence from wrong doing. They ask a public roc- 
sign and execute its own death warrant. Neiiher 
I i ognition of principles, and an agreernent xvvhicli as they believe, to the pursuits of such aims under 
shall I attempt to justify those who make rcvoiu- 
If such- power of 
tions; because all such attempts have reference to will render injustice impossible, or at least hiehly name of party principles. 
Rev- improbable; something which shall not grant to coercion even constitutionally vested the 
the morality and the necessity of the act. 
olutions and revolutionary leaders are judged by i I our brethren of the South, from political charity, President and in Congress, we are called upon to 
II say how can it be profitably excrcised. 
history; not by civil or lililitary tribunals, though what the Constitution secures to them as a right. 
Itis very clear that, as long as tne North and the 
these may take away life and property; by pos- Senators, we are not here a constituentassembly. 
teritY* not by cotemporaries. We may, in a his- We have not. met to frame a Constitulion, or to South quarrel with merc complaints and griev- 
