684 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1, 
intolerable, while they and their friends possess 
ances, even to separation, there is still a possibil- 
a majority in 136th branches of the national Le- 
it y of their again coming together and drowning 
gislature, and while the Supreme Court of the 
past differences in mutual oblivion ; but if fraternal 
United States stands unimpan•ed , ready and pow- 
blood is once shed, no such reconciliation is pos- 
erfut to uphold the Constitution. Conceding that 
sible. 
there is cause for apprehension; allowing that 
Earth hath no rage like love to hatred turned." 
there are dangers staring us all in the, face; that 
Success on one side or the other will stimulate to 
the history of the past shows a continued estrange- 
fui•lher action till all is lost or won in an unnatural 
ment on the port of the North, and a continued 
struggle. Appeal once made to the sword is irrev- 
and progressive inroad on those institutions which 
ocablc. A substitution of brute force for reason 
the South deems indispensable to her prosperity 
transforms, at Once, a dissatisfied brother into 
and happiness, why should she, at this critical 
a relentless enemy. The American people arc 
and unfavorable moment, separate ingloriously 
neither prepaéed for, nor will they justify, such 
from her northern friends, when, united, we could 
issue. The recent presidential contest was fought 
surely overthrow and put to route the common 
with no such aim. The people during that canvass 
enemy? The stakes are so tremendous; the mo- 
could nor foresee the issue as now precipitated— 
ment is so pregnant with unutterable woe to the 
the first fruits of an empty victory. Pennsylva- 
country, and even to mankind, that we Inay well 
nia fouoht the battle on the tariff, not on the sla- 
be prompted to demand a respite, before w.c, as 
very question. Thc northwestern States could 
well as herself, are plunged into ruih and national 
l.heir truc 
nol have realized, in my judgmcnt, 
position, or their action would have bccn differ- t i annihilation. 
cnt. Settled in great part from New England and II How can a permanent separation be justified to 
the civiiizcd world while there is any hope of self- 
frorn Europe, their social (listnnw from the plant- 
ing States of thc South made them Iosc sight of protection or safety under the Constitution? What 
the intimate connection bctwcen the prosperity of i will bc her condition and prospects when she has 
both. Excited by a spirit of fanaticism, artfully accomplished separation? I am ready to believe 
• she is prcpat•ed to make great sacrifices cheer- 
engendered and nourished by selfish politicians, 
fully; but the admillistralion of a Government 
they looked upon the last presidential election as 
a struggle for power, not only between the -North must be bascd on something else than •mcrc self- 
sacrificing patriotism. It must be conducive to the 
and the South, but between the great Northwest 
lasting happiness and prosperity of the people.. A 
and other geographieal sections of the Union com- 
bined. But whether the West was to by separate confederacy will requireastanding anny. 
military force, by marching squadrons and battal- Bordering on hostile and fanatical neighbors, for- 
tifications along the frontier are imperative. All 
ions into the fietd to subdue their southern breth- 
these things will require vast outlaysand involve 
ren, was not involved in the contest. 
It is my belief that the position in which tbc expenditufes diminishing the available means and 
whole country is now placed is one. not foreseen consuming the substance of the people. The 
by tho North previous to the last prcsidcntial elec- North coifipel'lcd to do the same thing, we shall 
tion; and I fuel certain that the people, so far from both grow poor at thc saune time. The very pres- 
ence of' hostile forces will necessarily Icad to col- 
provoking the result, thought it more d istant than 
lisions, in which one or the section, accord- 
that the northern mind was led into error 
intr to all the chances of war, may victorious. 
through not sufficiently-appreciating the Fcdcral 
But will sncl) a state of things increase the se- 
relations; and that, if proper tin-le and tnoan.s be 
with all the world, would resort. for revenue to 
direct taxation, with a retinue of tax-collectors. 
Each section or sections, for Heaven only knows 
the number, would have its supreme court, its 
aim y and navy, its diplomatic and consular , 
and its separate trcasury. All these additional 
expenditures would be entailed upon the people, 
already suffering a vastly diminished revenue, and 
lamentable falling off m trade, navigation, and 
commerce. 
The southern States,•which, in a financial point 
of view, are now the most magnificent colony of 
the North—consuminø northern produce and man- 
ufactures, and employing northern mechanics and 
northern ships—will exchange its great staples for 
the manufactures of England, France, and Ger- 
many; allowing foreign merchants and forei&n 
navigators to earn commissions and freights; thus 
helping to build up European cities, Increasing 
the wealth and influence of European power. 
That influence of European diplomacy and in- 
trigue which has been kept aloof and shut out 
from us by our Federal Union, would soon make 
itself feltin ali our foreign and domestic relations; 
until, with the Inere shadow of sovereigfity, di- 
vided into several confederacies, we sli01ild a:mrain 
be reduced to a colonial state, not with one Eu- 
ropcan Power alone, but halfa dozen claiming 
our allegiance and disputing our possession. 
Even our title of American" would disap- 
pear, and we be known in England as the tribes 
of Indians, only by their specific names. What 
respect would the citizens of these isolated States 
or small Confederacies command at European 
courts? How would the diplomatic agents of our 
dissevered Republics be received at the Court of 
St. James, or at the Tuilleries? Representing a 
smakl State is no disgrace; but to represent thc 
disjected members of a great nation, at a court 
where the whole- country had once commanded 
not only respect, but honor and admiration, is a 
position to which few persons would 
be regarded in London and Paris but a-s parade 
cnu•ity of cither? Will an enemy subdued to-day ministers or small suitors, and, at the best, but as 
afihrded, public. opinion will rikYht. itself, and (n E'- 
fail to renow the combat to-morrow, until t.hc intri(ruino• aoainst a portion of his former coun- 
before it is too latc, the most substantial 
country shall be a vast military can') p, bristling try, )urnbly begging for what a minister of the 
proof of its conversion to true constitutional doc- 
trine. Democratic institutions are, from their na- II with artns to assert a principle? The Union, first United States would have boldly demanded, and 
forcibly divided into two confederacies, by the ex- no Power ventured to withhold without being made 
turc,apt to lend themselves to popular delusions; 
but they also possess the most efficient and åd- annple illus set, may be, at any dissatisfaction, sub- 
n) irable means of quickly correcting popular error, , 
of making amends for whatever 'v roug they Ilia y 
have comrnitted, and of avoiding similar mistakes 
in thc future. All that is wanted is t.ilne for 
reason to reassert its sway. The victory which 
thc Republican party so glorios in achieving, is 
itself but n popular delusion, which will end, in 
in the party's final destruction, 
nw judgment, 
ncvcr vain, even the admission of its founder 
and champion on this floor, to reat)pcar under the 
satne name, fruits ot• that victory has turned 
to ashes in their 111011 Ills, and the deception will 
bcconu as patent to whole country as it is now 
into rnany, and they, after the extunple 
di vided 
of Europe, would eno•acre in mutual w•ars, con- 
tending {'or that chimera, the balance of power," 
so jealously sought after by the diplomatists, and 
forever disturbed by every man of decided talent 
who carmot but give a momentary ascendency to 
thc power over whose destinies he is for a time 
called to preside. 
Secession, as it now appears, is the foundation 
for endless civil war, which will entirely chan(Te 
the character of Gur people, trdnsforming then- 
present peaceful pursuits and habits of industry 
Into lawless adventure and reckless brigandage 
and barbarism. W c read Iiistory in vain, and study 
t.o all a forebod ing of terror. 
let Ine sav to the South 
And now, sir, 
groat as tnay have boon their provocatio ns, t hoy I 
have as yet. no right, to suppose that remain ino in I 
the Unimn them u prey to north- 
ern fanaticisrn. Though pluralities and majori- 
ties rnay have gonc üffainst their wishes in nearly 
all the northern States, much of that unfortunate 
rcsult is due to the, divisions among their own i 
friends, and to the consequent distractions of the 
Democratic party. Yet the Democratic vote, even 
under thesc most disadvantageous cu•cumstancc.s, 
has been large, show Eng what substantial ele- 
ments are still left in the northern States to build 
great party upon; showing how few conver- 
htnnan nature to very little purpose, if we believe 
that, with such a @eneral demoralization of our 
people, republican forms of government could be 
preserved many one section ofourglorions Union. 
Military commanders, sustained by cumbersome 
standing annies, would soon acquire the power 
not only to defend the State, but to rule it; becom- 
ilP military dictators, they would use the power 
conferred on them for its perpetuation. Repub- 
lics in name only, external struggles would be i 
quickly followed by internal ones of rival fac- 
tlons and rival Cæsars. Believe me, Senators, 
the day we •violently separate tolls the death-knell 
aware of the consequences. Ministers of our dis- 
severed republics would occupy no pleasant place 
an-nono ever) their diplomatic colleagues—some of 
whom, no doubt, secretly glad to behold them 
shorn of their former prestige and influence, point- 
ing them out as the diminutives of former great- 
ness, living assurances of the future harmlessness 
and good behavior of those same Americans whose 
progress had once so alarmed Guizot with the 
prospect of disturbinM " the world 's equilibrium ' 
of power. We shall be held to a terrible account 
by humanity, even for having blasted all hopes 
of the success. of republican institutions; and by 
a monstrous national suicide, forever destroying 
the popular faith in self-government. Whichever 
way we tdi•n, there is nothing but scorn and ob- 
loquy for our fallen institutions; while despotism 
itself would draw a long free breath from the ter- 
rible and unanswerab}e exampie of our liberty. 
Mr. President, this picture, so much more graph- 
ically drawn by other and abler Senators, of the 
forlorn condition of our country in case of vio- 
lent separation and disunion, is far from being 
overcharged. It is impossible to depict the ori- 
ginal horrors, desolation, ruin, and polit.ical anni- 
hilation which, in the end, would be the conse- 
quence of so fatal a step. Clay and Webster did 
not desire to lift the curtain which concealed from 
of our liberal institutions. They rnayexistnom- I their patriotic eyes the dark prospect of dissolu- 
sions from sectional to national principles are rc- inally for a while, but their spirit IS fled; our ! 
quired to make a constitutional party of law and people will have lost all vital strength or moral I 
order at the North, the potent shield and protec- courage to cherish or uphold them. The body 
tion of the South'. That party will stand by them 
in a peaceful solution of this whole question. 
It 
will stand up for their just rights under the Con- 
stitution in every State Legislature, in every 
county, city, town, village, and hamlet through- 
out the length and breadih of our land. It will 
combat in their very strongholds, and, under 
God's providence, crush, the heresies and false 
idols which have been set up to misguide the peo- 
pie, teaching at their altars hatred and contempt 
of heart, instead of fraternal love and attachment 
to our institutions and laws. 
It seems to me but folly in the South to con- 
sider all as lost, and their condition in the Union 
may retain its warmth for an hour, but the rigid 
and expressionless features tell the sad tale too 
surely. 
And what would be the financial condition of 
our country, North and South, in case of violent 
separation? The expenses of Government would 
bc doubled, and as divisions ensue, tripled, quad- 
rupled. Each State, confederacy, or confedera- 
cies, would have its offcials, its foreign and do- 
mestic relations; and in addition to these, relations 
among themselves, not always of the most ami- 
cable and satisfactory nature. The North would 
have its line of custom-houses along the southern 
i frontier, whilc the South, acknowledging free-trade 
tion and disunion. They shrank from penetrating 
the future to behold the calamities which lay in 
that terrible vista; but thousands of hands are 
now raised to lift the veil to calcll a sight of the 
gloomy perspective, revealing a taste for tragedy 
in the country that is destined to grow amono• us, 
unless speedily corrected by tho substitution of 
something more congenial and healthy. 
If we are to heal the breach which now seems 
almost inevitable and lasting between the North 
and the South, the remedy must be applied at 
once. Family quarrels must be made up quickly, 
or they become chronic, and exceed in virulence 
It is nat- 
and rancor disputes amorp 
ural for men to hate most what they once most 
loved and cherished; and their former affection 
seems to give a lawful title to their hatred from 
