1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB. 
685 
[applause in the galleries,] with whom she is, in 
the fact of its being wantonly provoked and re- 
sentfully contrasted. Let those who think there every respect; identified. Their destiny and our 
own is indissolubly united. And here let me say 
is no danger, that affan•s will quietly settle them- 
selves, take. warning, lest supineness lead them to the distinguished Senator from New York, 
ii [Mr. SEWARD,] that the loyal people of that State 
into fatal and irreparable error. 
There are those who believe that, when a final 
separation of the States shall have actually taken 
place, it will be easier to treat with the fragments 
of the Union, to reconstruct the Government, as it 
is called, than to make concessions or compro- 
I protest against so heartless and 
mises now. 
short-sighted a policy. 
Sir, if we continue here our present stubborn 
course, there is nothing to be hoped but final dis- 
solution, civil war, the breaking up of the whole 
country into petty Republics, breathing defiance 
at each other, without retaining either weight or 
consideration in the affairs of the world. Our 
sovereign people are not prepared for this. They 
neither desire, nor, if you give them an oppor- 
tunity, will they permit it. A martial people 
they may be; but this spirit only exists against 
an enemy, not against their countrymen. W c 
have neither become so powerful nor so rich that 
we can amuse ourselves by making war upon 
each other. The three. essentiak things required 
" first, money; 
for war, said a great general, are, 
then a great deal more money; and finally, all the 
money that can possibly be raised." 
war once 
declared and waeed, all hopes of reconciliation, I 
repeat acrain, are at an end; for if the South tri- 
umph, it is hardly probable they will surrender 
their vanttvre-fft•ound by submitting again to the 
will and authority of the North; and if the South 
were to succumb in the combat, how would the 
North enter into and enjoy the fruits of their vic- 
tory? They could certainly not drag the South I 
back again into the national Union as free, equal, 
and independent States. 
What service could the Senators and members 
of sub}ugated States be in a national Legislature 
of equ•ais? The first shot exchanged between the 
people of the North and tha SOLUli itself dissolves 
the Union. With such violent disruption, all sense 
of equalilY, duty, and loyalty, would be destroyed 
speak for the Union, vote for the Union, 
contribute their money to preserve the Union , and, 
when all other expedients fail, will for the 
Union," provided, the distinguished Senator will 
show us how, by fisrhtin.cr, we can preserve the i 
liberty, fraternity, and equality.of our southern 
brethren in the Union; but, unless he can perform 
this difficult task, we will never, never, sir! imbrue I 
our hand* in the blood of our southern brethren. 
[Applause in the galleries; and the Vice Presi- 
dent said he would be compelled to order the gal- 
levies cleared, if it was repeated.] Believing it to 
discontent, the distrust, the hostile feeling -be- 
tween different sections of our -common country 
increase; let civil war ensue, and our free 
tions will be scattered like the sands of the desert, 
to all the adverse ••.vinds of heaven. A govern- 
ment sustained only by force rnust, from itsvery 
nature, be arbitrary, or must soon become a des- 
potism; and, in the disorganization and general 
chaos, we shall be happy- if we escape foreign in- 
tervcntion and are spared the humiliating sightof 
a European soldiery perambulating in triumph 
the streets of our once proud Atlantic cities. 
For what reason shall all these calamities be• 
fall us? Why shall we thus, in the midst.ofun- 
paralleled success, in the full vigor of oürhational 
youth—for we have not yet reached eyen man's 
estate—become possessed of such legion of 
be the sentiment of her people that she will cling II devils, a prey to such insanity as to willfully 
shatter our own household gods; to heap the ashes 
to any remnant of a Union, while one remains, I 
shall stand to my post t.bus representing her, using of our own hearthstones on our devoted heads; 
. and with spiteful hands and flaming torches set 
all the Ineans in 111 y power to avert the destruc- 
tion of the Union while the faintest hopc may be fire to and destroy that friendly and wide-spread- 
realized; and rather than behold civil war and inff roof that has so sheltered all true liberty's 
violence enthroned in the land, will consent to any i children in the whole world—casting to utter and 
f just and reasonabke proposition givincr peace and I eternal destruction the hopes and elevated aspira- 
lions of mankind ? 
prosperity to the country. 
I implore you, Senators, as others have done 
While f. have voted fir the resolutions of the 
before me, by everything dear to our hearts and 
venerable and experienced Senator from Ken- 
sacred to our consciences, not to turn a deaf ear 
tuck y, [Mr. CRITTENDEN,] every pulsation of I 
to the voices of the people, calling upon us from 
whose heart is patriotic, or will support the plans 
all sections to pause in our political career, and 
of either of the distinguished Senators from Illi- 
nois [Mr. DOUGLAS] or Pennsylvania, I Mr. BIG- I to prove to the North and to the South and to the 
, LER,] still, in my humble judgment, the proposi- 
tion of the honorable Senator from Minnesota 
[Mr. RICE] is better calculated than any to give 
peace to the country. It ends the struggle over 
the Territories between the North and the South. 
' squatter sovereignty,' 
' Popularsovereignty, 
slave codes," " slave protection," and ali other 
themes of discord and misrepresentation, must 
cease, when all concede to the States the untram- 
meled regulation of their own internal institutions. 
'I'his obliteration of the Territories of the United 
Stat.es by State orcrnnizations, brinøing them im- 
mediatcly under the clear provisions of the Con- 
stitution, and the other remedies suggested or 
forever; and m the absence of these, our repunti- 
submitted to give security to the institution of 
can forms become sheer license, so intolerable 
slavery, will certainly be promptly and almost 
and so utterly unfit for the protection of life and 
I civilized world that our hearts and our minds ex- 
I pand with tfie magnitude of the subject on which 
we are called to deliberate; that our patriotism 
can rise above party considerations; that when the 
honor, dignity, and existence of our institutions 
are at stake, there is no sacrifice of personal van- 
i ity.,or the narrow sphere of partisan politics that 
wc are not eager, nay, prond, to make to save the 
common country. 
Senators, if, from the realms on high, it was 
vouchsafed by a beneficent Providence, that the 
II shades of our departed patriots, sacres, and heroes 
of the Revolution, might speak to ,.us, for whom, 
while living, they sb toiled a.iid labored, and 
spilled freely their hearts' blood, how they would 
implore us to pause and retrace our steps from 
this perilous brink of destruction and fraternal 
property, that the people would in the end fly to unanimously agreed to by the people I represent, 
'nonarchy as a means of salvation from endless and will, I believe, receive the approbation opa I strife; how would the voices of Washington, Ad- 
anis•, and Jefferson bursting the scal of death from 
large, majority of the people both North and South. 
anarchy, lawlessness, usurpation,and chaos. The 
men who connive at this result will find themselves I Mr. President, our constituents wait for us and their still glowing li PS, and his chill cerements 
incapable of ruling even the section which now,' expect us to act prornptly on somc proposition from their potent hands, proclaim, as they did 
supports thein in their career of aggression and enabling their voice to decide the issue. Delay when living, that all true glory and historicrenown 
is baneful, and conducive to the worst calamity. are. based on an clevated love of country, on a 
ftnaticism; and, unsuccessful in their schemes, 
they wilk be as hopeEcssly abandoned by their "We have already lost by depreciation of every II pure devotion to its lastino interests, and the 
present followers as tlrcy are now anxious to dis- i species of propertv sorne three hundred million abandonment of discord and strife. They would, 
they do implore, as livinc men may not implore, 
card those who would implore them to retrace their dollars, and shail, if' the a2itation continues, lose 
• —by that pre- 
II #1,000,000,000. A nonäfitercourse law between by their sacred wounds and scms, 
-heedless steps to save our common country. 
1 have not alluded, in what have said, to the the North and the South already in fact exists, I cious bond of liberty and proud title of AMERI- 
position of my own State in this c.ontest. The 'l and wili soon, if things are suffered to go on, be CAN bequeathed to us to enjoy,—and other lands 
enacted in due form. Circulating medium will to dream of as a vision of peace and glory, to be 
people of the Pacific coast breathe but one senti- 
"—to 
mentofloyalty and devotion to the Union. They l, be deranged or even disappear, and our State yet faithful to our Constitution and Union, 
treasuries will be embarrassed, and the Federal 
will ratify ail y proposed amendment to the Con- 
F tions the same savinrr 'Yracc it is to souls,— 
stitution which coald restore a sense of security W Treasury itself reduced to hopeless bankruptcy. 
If no Thousands of laborino• people have been already lawr given us, as all powerful, by God hirnself; 
to the South and peace LO the country. 
thrown out of employment.. Commercial failures i' the only King they taught us, as a nation, we 
such settlement can be bad; if neither the leaders 
of the Republican party, nor their followers in and manufacturing ruin ah•cady stalk through the might ever own. [Applause in the galleries.] 
Mr. JOHINSON, of "I'cnnessec. Mr. Presi- 
the northern Stales, will give peaceful guarantees land; our farmers will soon be reduced to barter- 
in my opinion, ing their produce for articles of prime necessity. 
to the southern States, then, sir, 
VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
a largo majority of the citizens of that coast will Our financial condition will sufli)l' the redaction 
sav, " Let them go in peace." Civil war cannot of the old colonial times, and the country inun- II Tennessee will pause a moment, until Chair 
paper money. states the condition of the question. The Indian 
that baseless trash— 
reined y the evil, and let any result follow soonor dated with 
appropriation bill was made the special order for 
than ail its horrors. MT hile they would not allow Emigration from Europe will cease, and the capi 
the dignity of the Union or its laws trampled or talisi.s who have invested in Arncrican securities two o'clock to-day, and the Chair calls the atten- 
spit upon by any portion of its people, yet tho will throw them on our market, still further de- 
If it is the 
All private confidence Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
pressing the current rates. 
appeal of ten of • their fellow-citizens fail- 
ing of regard, destroys so rnuch of that unity as wilk be destroyed, and every species of enterprise desire of the chairman of the Committee on Fi- 
nance to proceed with the consideration of that 
indefinitely postponed. 
will cause them to consent to any steps a sense. 
How long law and order will bc preserved under bili, I wili move tl')at the subject now uuder con- 
of safety may dictate, even to a final and peaceful 
sideration be postponed to, and made the special 
such circumstances, how long property will re- 
main secure, and life protected, is more than I order for, one o'clock to-morrow, at which time 
senaration. 
The history of our future career, as two Con- 
I should like to address the Senate. 
federacies, the result of a ftn.al, necessity to give venture to o•uess; but this I will assert, without 
peace to the people, is not, to my mind, so full of fear of contradiction, that a Government which! Mr. PEARCE. I was about to remark that I 
I supposed, at this time of the day, it would not be 
gloomy miscrivnuzs. But a ciotent separation re- allows ali these things to take place, and which, 
quires no prophet to tell its direfu- issue to repub- instead of promoting peace and harmony, leads possible for us to get through that bill before the 
lic,an institutions. Peaceful separation leaves the by its supincness, partiality, or want of power, to Senate adjourns. 
two sections to pursue their pathway, not so the commission of every species of public and i i Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee I think that 
it is true, as when united, but Stili pow- private wroncr•, to armed inroads on one State by we can get throucrh with it. 
to bloodshed, rapine, and Mr. PEARCE.- 'The amendmcnts of the Com- 
erfl'll to cornmal')d respect fronn the civilized world. 
citizens of another; 
I have no hesita- mittee on Financc are not very important; but 
civil war—such a Government, 
They be divided as 
and 01.11' understand there are amendrncn!.s from the Corn- 
A.s X-ff.r. Madison 
to each otaer, but united as to the world." Cal- tion ill sayincr, is not worth prescrvi_ng••. 
; i mittee on Indian Affairs, upon Which there wili 
people will make no sacrifice to prop up and sup- 
ifornia, from her commerce, institutions, and in- 
I would prefer going 
teresls, I believe, wil.l remain with the free States, pert so useless and cumbersome a fabric. Lei the probably be much debate, 
