686 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1, 
on with the bill if it can be done; but I would 
allow the Senator to make his speech now, rather 
than be interrupted to-morrow in the considera- 
tion of the bill by his speaking at one o'clock. I 
am satisfied the bill cannot be got through with 
to-day. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Then 1 will 
make a motion, if the bill cannot be gotten through 
with, to postpone the subject until Monday, at 
one o'clock. The Senator from North Carolina 
[Mr. CLINGMAN] has the floor at that hour; and 
if he does not occupy too much time, I shall ad- 
dress the Senate after he shall have concluded his 
speech. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Ido not think 1 shall need 
as much as an hour of the Senate's titne, certainly 
not more than that, on Monday; and whatever 
arrangement the honorable Senator from Ten- 
nessee prefers, I will agree to. 
The. PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T in 
the chair.) The Chair desires the Senator from 
Tennessee to repeat his motion. The Chair did 
110t apprehend it. 
I move that 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
the further consideration of the subject now be- 
fore the Senate be postponed to, and made the 
special order for, Monday, at one o'clock. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. merely about to 
suggest that that would meet the views of the 
Committee on Finance a great deal better, because 
if we should get through with this bill to-day, 
there are other appropriation bills that have been 
upon the table for some days that we might pass 
to-morrow, and it is very important. to have thern 
brought forward as early as possible. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that t.he further consideration of the motion to 
print tho President's Inessage, avid the accompa- 
nying resolutions of the of Virginia, 
be pdstponod tantil Monday next, at one o'clock, 
and made the special order for that hour. 
fl'he motion was agreed to. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 865) 
making appropriations for the. current and con- 
tinge nt expenses of the Indian department, and for 
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian 
tribes, tin• the year ending June 30, 1862. 
'l'he Secretary proceeded to read the bill. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 do not think it is 
sary, by the rules of the body, thal these bills 
should be read through. 
The. PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
can be dispensed with only by unanimous consent; 
but if the reading in full bc not called for by any 
member, the Chair will consider that the unan- 
imous consent of the Senate is given that the read- 
ing bc dispensed with. T hc amendments reported 
by- tbc Committee on Finance will be read. 
. reading of the 
Mr. PEARCE. Before 
zuncnd unents the clerk has on the 
'b 
leave to state that there were three snutll verbal 
amendutcnts which wcrc rcported by the com- 
mittee that did not find their way into the printed 
I will ask the attention of the Senate to 
those anlendinents nowr. In line onc I'lundrcd 
and ninety-six, on page 9, the word " 
I' therefore 1110 ve to arnend 
should be " seventh. " 
the bill by chat)ging the word " seven " 
to ' 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi- 
cation will bc Inade. 
Mr. PEARCE. I move in line five hundred 
and forty-eigllt, on page 23, to strike out the 
words the same," and insert shop." 
misprint. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being 
mere clerical error, that modification will also be 
made. 
Mr. PEARCE. In line one thousand and sev- 
en ty-four, on pacre 43, I move to strike out " five, " 
and insert " fifteen. " 
It is a provision for certain 
payments to the head chiefs of certain tribes. The 
suin of $1,500 is necessary for the payment of 
tbcm; Dut, by mistake, " five" was inserted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi- 
cation will also be made. 
1M r. PEARCE. Now the clerk can proceed 
With the amendments reported by the commit- 
The first amendment reported by the Commit- 
tee on F manee waB; on nacre lb, line four hundred 
and fourteen, to strike out the words " investment 
so that 
of," after the words " for interest on;" 
the clause will read: 
Miamies of Indiana.—For interest on $221,257 86, at five 
per eenl.lnn•, for Miami Indians of Indiana, per Senate's 
annendlnent to fourth articlc treaty 5th J ü ue,1854, $11 ,062 89. 
.The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the committee was to 
add at the end of the bill the following. 
For payment to the Sissecton and Wah-pa-ton bands of 
thc Dacotah or Sioux Indians, for their reservation on the 
Minnesota river, in the State ot• Minnesota, containing five 
hundred and sixty-nine thousand six hundred acres; at 
thirty cents per acre, $170,880. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Tho next amendment of the committee was to 
insert at the end of t.l'he bill the following: 
For payment to tho Med-a-wa-kan-ton and Wa-pa-koo--ta 
bands of the Dacotah or Sioux Indians, ibr their reserva- 
tion on the Minnesota river, in the State 
of Minnesota, 
containing three hundred and twcnty thousand acres, at 
thirty cents per acre, $96,000. 
The. arnendment was agreed to. 
The next amcndmcnt of the committee was to 
insert at the end of the bill the following: 
For the expenses concentrating the Indians in the 
rrerritory of Utah, on reservations therein relnote frotn 
enxigrant routes, purchase of agricultural ilnplmnent.s and 
stock cattle, and IOr the erection of houses, &t., including 
the necessary traveling expenses of the superint.endent of 
Indian affairs, agents, clerk hire, &c., $45,000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. PEARCE. I now send to the Chair sev- 
eral amendments from the Committee on Finance, 
the cstimates for which were not sent in when the 
bill was reported. 
The Secretary read the amendments. The first 
was to insert at the end of the bill the following: 
For the salary of'onc superin tending agent for the northern 
district. of the Indian service in (Bal"ifornia, t•rmu the 28th 
of' June 
1860, when hc entered on his duties, to the 30th 
of June, 1861, per act of June 19, 1860, at $3,600 per anntun, 
$3,629 67. 
Thie amendment was agreed to. 
The next ameridment was to insert at the end 
of the bill: 
For salary of one superintending agent for the. southern 
district of t.he Indian service in frorn the 19th 
of Septelllber. 1860, he cntered on his duties, to the 
30th of June, 1861, at. per anntun, per aetof' the 19th 
of dune, 1860, $2,512 'OB. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was to add: 
For salaries of five supervisors to t.he, Indian service in 
C.alifornia, to instruct the In(lians in husbandry, at 81,800 
per annum each, the half year ending the 30th of une, 
i 1861, per aet or 19th June, 1é60, $4,500. 
'I'he amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was to insert: 
For compensation to twenty laborers for the five reserva- 
The next was: 
For arrears of interest due the 1st of Januarv, 1861, 
on $70,000 five per cent. bonds of the State of Indiana, 
$7,000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was: 
For expenses attending the negotiation of the treaties of 
the 19th June, 1858, with the Lower and Upper Sioux In- 
dians-, per tenth article of said treaties, 814,865 76. 
The amendment was agreed to, 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Fi- 
nance having now concluded their amendments, 
I move to postpone the further consideration of 
the bill till to-morrow at one o'clock, in order to 
enable the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer 
the other amendments appropriate to this bill. 
The motion was agreed to. 
BILL. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I am instructed by the select 
committee of the Senate, to whom was referred 
the bill (H. R. No. 338) 10 provide for the pay- 
mentof outstanding 'I'reasury notes; to authorize 
a loan; to regulate and fix the duties on imports, 
and for other purposes, to report the bill back to 
the Senate with sundry amendments; and I ask 
that the bill and aniendments be printed in the 
ordinary way; and it would be desirable if the 
Senate would order some five hundred extra copies 
to be printed to be sent to different portionS of the 
country. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T.) 
If there be no objection, that order will be made. 
Mr. SUMNEi1. 1 would suggest to the sen- 
ator that ho make the number one thousand. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I think that is more than we 
can send around. I would also propose that the 
bill be made the special order for Tuesday next, 
at one o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to 
print must first. bcdisposedof. Ifthere be no objec- 
tion, the order will be made to print five hundred 
extra copies of the biil and amendments. The 
Chair bears no objection; and that order is made 
Mr. SIMMONS. There may perhaps be some 
little alterations yet needed in this bill; butl have 
thought it better to have it printed, and let our 
constituents understand the alterations now pro- 
posed. I move that the consideration of the bill 
be postponed until Tuesday next, at one o'clock, 
and made the special order. 
Mr. G WIN. I was a member of the select 
committee to 'yvhom this bill was referred; and I 
i consider it due to myself, as well as to the Senate, 
to say that I am entirely opposed to the principle 
of the bilk. The rnajority of the committee have 
reported it with amendments, and in some re- 
spects, I think, they have improved the House 
bill, by making it more a revenue bill than it was 
originally; but I give notice that when it comes 
tiong in California, at fifty dollars per month, for the half 
June, 1861 
vear ending 
, per aet of 19th June, 1860, 
'l'he ajnendlnent was agreed to. 
The next amendment was to Insert: 
For salary for an additional agent for the Indian service 
in Neiv Mexico, t•rotn the 22d •of August. 1860, when he 
executed his ofiicial bond. to the 30th of June, 1861, per 
act of 25th *lune, 1860, at $1,500 per annulN, $1,289 90. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
'The. next amendment was: 
For salary for an agent to the Ponca Indians, frotn the 
21st of August, 1860, when he executed his oflieial bond, to 
the 30th of June, 186}, 
at $1,500 per annum, per act of 
25th June, 1860, $1,296 17. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was to add, at the end of 
the bill: 
For salary for an agent to the Pawnees, from the 18th of 
October, 1860, when he executed his official bond, to 30th 
.1une, 1861, at $1,500 per annuln, per act of 25th Juhe, 1860, 
70. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next v,.ras to add to the bill: 
For salary for an agent to the Yancton Sioux for the fis- 
cal yéar ending of June, 1861. per fifteenth article of 
the treaty of 19th of April, 185b, $i,500. 
T hc amendment was agreed to. 
The next was: 
For p:tY1nent for such permanent ilnprove:nents as may 
have been made by claimants to laud on the reserve named 
in the second 
article of the treaty of 10th September, 1853, 
with the Rogue River Indians, persecond and thh•d articles 
of said treaty, $2,000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
up for consideration, I shall endeavor to show 
that the present revenue systeurl is better than that 
proposed in this bill. 
I only wish to say now, 
that I do not agree with the majority in the prin- 
ciple that is contained in this bill. 
I believe it 
has been greatly improved by the action of the 
majority of the select committee, in its revenue 
features, and to that extent cordially unite with 
their action; but as to the general princip;e of the 
bill, I am opposed to it, as I sliall state more at 
large whey) it comes up for consideration. 
NIr. PEARCE. 1 think the day which the 
Senator from Rhode Island proposes for the dis- 
cussion of this bill is entirely too early. The bill 
will not be printed and laid upon our tables, I 
take it, until Monday. 
Mr. BIGLER. To-morrow. 
Mr. PEARCE. Suppose it were laid on our 
tables to-morrow. Every member of the Senate 
ought to have at least. a few days to consider the 
multifarious subject-matters contained in such a 
bilk as this, which, I understand, proposes a thor- 
ough and radical change in our system of duties 
on imports; and besidcs,• it must be recollected 
that we are now in the month of February, and 
that it is very important to the business of the 
Senate that sotne titne should be given to the con- 
sideration of bills for the support of the Govern- 
I believe. but two of the general appro- 
ment. 
priation bills have yet passed—the pension bill, 
and the West, Point Academy bill— 
and there 
remain all the bills which make heavy appropria- 
tions for the great disburserfients of the Govern- 
ment to be considered. 'Ithe Indian appropriation 
