688 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1. 
lam Of the opinion that it is entirely unnecessary 
to -have a consul general t,here, though it would I 
be proper to have a consul. As, however, the 
Senate have confirmed Mr. Bradford as consul 
general to Simoda, it seemed to be proper, to carry 
out the act of the Senate, to make the necessary 
appropriation for the balance of the fiscal year. 
That sum is the sum contained in the amendment 
now presented to the Senate. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 concur entirely with 
the chairman of the committee in believing that 
this place of consul' general at Simoda is entirely 
unnecessary. Mr. Harris, who held it, was raised 
to the position which he now holds—of minister 
resident, I believe; and that fact rendered the con- 
tinuance of: the offce which he previously held 
unnecessary. it is necessary, undoubtedly, to 
I think the better way is 10 
have a consul there. 
meet this question at once. M/ e have confirmed 
the offcer because thc of)ice existed; but he has 
not yet lcft the country; we can therefore correct 
it very easily by striking out all that relates to a 
consul cencral at this l.)lace, and inserting it amono• 
the consulates, and striking down the appropria- 
tion $2,000. 
The amcndment of Mr. FESSENDEN having been 
prepared, the Secretary read it, as follows: 
line fifty-two of {hc bill, page 3, strike out Simoda, 
after the word Alcxandt•ia," and insert Silnoda" alter 
the word at in line fifty-three ; so as to make the clause 
read : 
For salaries of consuls general at Quebec, C•alcutta, Alex- 
andria, I-lavaua, -Constantinople, FrankfOrt-on-the-Main ; 
consuls at Simoda, Liverpool, London, &e. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
dersutnds that this is an amendment to tho ori- i 
ginal bill. The first question, then, must l.)e on 
the amendment offered by the Senator frcnn Mary- 
Mr. GWIN. He withdraws that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understands that to be withdrawn. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 withdraw it, 
to enable tbc 
Senator frorn Maine to his arr)endülent. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. has not all read. 
'I'hc Secretary read the remaining portions of 
the arncndment, namely: to strike out, in li 
enly-cight, the word three,' • and insert " one, 
so as 10 reduce the total appropriation for salaries 
of' c(jnsois general and consuls frotn $'273,75() to 
$271,750', and at the end of linc seventy-ninc, to 
And the office of consul general at Simoda is hereby 
abolished, and the salary C)i' tbc consul at Sinxoda fixed at 
$3,000. 
Mr. POLK. I could not distinctly hear the 
reading of the amendrnent, and wish to inquire 
wllether it will cut down the consulship at Simo- 
da from a consul general to a simple consul, but 
the. Senate_is concerned, abolished. There is no 
consul appointed, and it does not appear that there 
will be one before the beginning of the next fiscal 
year; I doubt whether there will; and therefore I 
proposed to reduce the appropriation by precisely 
the amount of the difference of salary, calculating 
it only for the next year, svpposing there would 
be no consul appointed up to that time. 
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended; 
the amcndments were, concurred in, and ordered 
to be en&rossed, and the bill to be read a third 
time. The bill was read the third time, and passed. 
LEGISLATIVE, ICTC., APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 now move that the Senate 
take up House, bill No. 892, being the legislative, 
executive, and judicial bill. 
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. R. 
No. 892) making appropriations for the legisla- 
, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov- 
ernrnent for the vem• mnding the 30th of .Tune, 
yet leave, the amount approprialed the same as it 
M,' as reported by the committee, or whether it 
cuts (lown the amount, ? 
Mr. FESSEN DEN. The tunount. is cut down 
$2,000. 
Mr. POLK. $3,000 to $1,000? 
1862, was considered as in Committee of the 
Whole. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will 
Mr. PEARCE. Unless it be desired by 
Senator that the bill shall be read, as it is 
a very long onc, I tnove to dispense with the read- 
ing of it and take up the amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The readin& 
b 
of the bill will be dispensed with, unless it be 
called for by a member. The amendments of the 
Cornmittce on Finance will be read in their order. 
T hc Secretary read the first amendment, which 
was, in line fourteen of page 2, to strike out the 
word ofliccrs" and insert officer" in the clause 
making an appropriation for the salary of the 
" offc.er charged with disbursements of the Sen- 
ate.' 
Mr. HALE. I wish the amcndment to be 
explained. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It be again 
Mr. HALE. 1 have heard it rend. 
I want it 
explained. 
Mr. P FARCE. 1 will explain it in a monient. 
" i r_Phc word " oflicers,' 
in the plural, has becn used 
by mistake. 
'I'i)erc is bat one ofiicer charged 
xvith this duty; and avncndment proposes t.hat„ 
the appropriation, instead of beincy to " officers,' 
in the ral, shall be to the " ofliccr•" 
who a101'1() 
is charged with this duty. 
Mr. HALE. I be mistaken. I do not 
know whether the thing Ilkas been dono before; 
but I think it is, in substance, an increase of the 
's salary. 
Mr. PEARCE It is according to law. The 
offtccr charged with the disbursement of tho con- 
tingent fund of the Senate is allowed by law $480 
for that business. 
N.(r. HALE. And that business has always 
been (lonc l) y the Secretary, and he has been paid 
His salary was and 
by the Set')atc for it. 
he was the disbursil'lg officer. Subsequently four 
FESSENDEN. $5,000 
or five hundred dollars a year were paid to the 
I'hat is part of In y mcnt. 
Mr. POLK. 'ithat is what I wished to inu 
I tun for the amendment down 
the amount. 
Mr. PEARCE. would suugc.st to the Sena- 
f'rorn iMa:ne, 
that. consulships in that region 
usually havc attached to safarics of rather 
more than 
I think the consuls at Amoy 
and the other Chinese ports have $3,500, perhaps 
Secre tar.y in addition to his salary, in consideration 
of this duty that he perforrned. If' I understand 
(his bill and amendment now, it is proposed to 
zive the salary of $3,000 to the Secretary, and tille 
live or six hundred dollars additional, which was 
(Viven to him in the first instance as disbursinff 
officer, and then to pay another ofliccr for dis- 
bursing t.he funds. 
Mr. P FARCE. T hc Senator is entirely mis- 
#3,600; and it may be better to rnakc this salary taken. 
'I* here is no provisior) in the bill, 
nor IS 
$3,500. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The consuls in those 
ports in China Ilave a deal duty to do; 
but at this point is very cheap, and (Ille 
duties are very tight; and is an ample sal- 
ary for the co•nst.il at Simoda. 
Mr. PEARCE. very wen. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will state, the 
vote is taken, that the inaiority of tho committee 
carne to the c.onclusion that this movement. was 
do not make it on my own motion alone, 
WISC. 
but as the oro•an of the committee. 
The anaendment svas agreed to. 
Mr. PEARCE. Now to the Senator That is all. 
that hc 011 (rilt to make some provision for the con- 
suhÅt.e u t') to the 30th of ,Tune next. 
MI', I*ESSENDEN. There is at present no 
consul there. YVe have appointed a consul gen- 
it proposed to put any provision in the bill, for 
any such purpose. The bill is made, by the 
amendment, to conform to the law. The coni- 
mittee intended to conform to the law; but by a 
mistake, by a clerical error, the word of)icers 
instead of " officer;" and the whole 
was put in, 
object of the amenchnent is, to make the bill pre- 
cisely conform to the law. 'P here are no officers 
who get any compensation at all for the disburse- 
rnents of tho Senate, but one, and that onc is the 
Secretary, as the Senator has stated; and the ob- 
ject of the amendment is to confine the appropri- 
ation to tliat ofiiccr, who alone is entitled to it. 
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Maryland 
be. good enough to tell me how much we oay for 
I the salary of il)e Secretary and of the disbursincr 
offcer? 
oral; but now the oÆce of consul general, so far as Mr. PEARCE. The Secretary gets his salary, 
-which is here mentioned in the and 
I the offcer charged with the disbursements of the 
Senate, who is the Secretary, gets $480. That is 
the law, and has been the usage of the Senate for 
several years. 
Mr. HALE. Then it got in when it ought not 
to have got in. It ought not to be so. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi- 
nance was to insert, after line fifty-nine, among 
the appropriations for contingent expenses of 
the Senate:" 
Forthe usual additional' compensation to the reporters of 
the Senate for the Congressional Globe, for reporting the 
-proceedings of the Senate iör the first session of the tl'hir- 
ty-Seventli Congress, $800 each, $4,000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line one hundred 
and seven, to reduce the appropria tion for the com- 
pensation of clerks, and other officers in the ser- 
vice of the House of Representatives receiving 
an annual salary, from $95,818 to $87,318. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was to strike out the fol- 
lowing clause: 
To enable the Superintendent of the Public Printing to 
carry into efiöct the provisions of' the joiht resolution in 
relation to the public printing, approved 23d January, 1860 
$135,000: Provided, That part of t.his appropriat.ion shall 
hc e.xpcnded until the title to the propert.y purchased shali 
have been exaniined and approved by the Attorney Gen- 
era\ of the United States." 
Mr. PEARCE. That should be stricken out 
of this bill, because it has already bccn provided 
for in the deficiency bill, which the Senate has 
acted on, and sent to the House of Representa- 
tives. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the committee was on 
page 10, line two hundred and twenty-one, in the 
appropriations for the Department of State, to 
strike out " five," and insert " ten;" 
so that the 
clause will read: 
For stationery, blank.books, binding, furniture, fixtures, 
repairs, painting, and glazing, $10,000. 
The amend was tvrreed to. 
The next amendment of the committee wras in 
linc two hundred and t '*venty-three, page 10, after 
to insert "five hundred;" 
t hc word " thousand," 
so that the clause will read: 
For miscellaneous items, $2,500. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The i)cxt amendment of the committee was in 
line two hundred and fifty-eight, page 10, in the 
appropriations for the Treasury Department; to 
strike out the word " rnessenger,' 
and insert 
messengers. ' 
T be amendment was agreed to. 
The next tunendment of the committee was on 
page 16, line three hundred and seventy-five, to 
strike out the word laborers," alid insert 
borer. ' 
The amendment •wvas agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line three hundred 
and seventy-eight, to strike out the word " mes- 
sengcr, " and insert " messeno•ers.' 
'I"hc amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was on page 24, line five 
hundred and sixty-four, to strike out " laborer,' 
and insert " laborers.' 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. PEARCE. There is an amendment which 
the committee had not determined on at the time 
of their reporting the bill, which ought to have 
been acted on prior to the last one. On page 19, 
after linc four hundred and thirty-five, f Inove to 
inscrt what I send to the Chair. That is a class 
of appropriations headed 
surveyors general 
and t.heir clerks.' 
I wish this amendment to corne 
in after that title. 
The Secretary read the amendment; to insert, 
after line four hundred and thirty-five, on page 
19, the following: 
For cornpensation of' the surveyor general of Illinois and 
Missouri, $2 000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the committee was to 
insert: 
For compensation of the surveyor genera} of Louisiana 
, $2,000. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next alneadment of the committee was on 
