690 
ADJOURNMENT TO. MONDAY. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 1, 
Mr. LANE. move that when the Senate 
adjourns tO-day, it be to meet on Monday next. 
T hc motion was not agreed to. 
Mr. 'HALE subsequently said: I voted with 
the•.major.ity on the motion to adjourn over.; and 
I, move to reconsider the vote by which the- Senate 
refused to adjourn to Monday. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. the Senate will not 
adjourn over. The Indian appropriation biP1 is 
fixed for to-morrow. 
The PRESiDiNG OFFICER; - The question 
is on the motion to reconsider. 
The question being taken, there were, on a di- 
vision—ayes 13, noes- 23. So the Senate refused 
to reconsider. 
HOUSE BILL REFERRED. 
The bill (H. R. No. 970) to regulate the com- 
pensation of the keeper and assistant kecpers of 
the 'light-house on Minot's Ledge, in the harbor 
of Boston, Massachusetts, and for other purposes, 
was read twice by its title, and referred to the 
Committee on Commerce. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H. 
R. No. 714) establishing certain post routes was 
amended by the Senate and returned to the House 
It has now come back from 
of Representatives. 
the House of Representatives with certain amen(l-' 
ments of the Sentite concurred in, and others non- 
concurred in. If no motion be" made, it will be 
referred to the Committee on the Post Offce and 
Post Roads. 
Mr. LATHAM. fthink that bill had better 
lie on the table. for the present. 
Mr. GREEN. It might as well go to the com- 
mittee. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope it will be laid on the table. 
I think we can take it up and dispose of' it in the 
morning. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill and 
amendments will lie on the table for the present. 
EXECUTIVD COMMUNICATIONS. 
ThQ. VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, cnm- 
municatip, in compliance with a resolution of the 
Senate, a statement of the number and pay of 
clerks and watchinen at the naval stations, on 
board vessels of war; which wag referred to the 
Committee on Naval Affairs. 
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the 
Treasurer- of the United States, communicating 
copies of his.accounts for the Post Office Depart- 
ment, for the year ending Junc 30, 1860; which, 
on motion of Mr. BIGLER, was ordered to lie on 
the table, and be printed. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate pro- 
cecdcd to the consideration of executive business; 
and after some time spent therein, the doors were 
reopened, and the Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
FRIDAY, February 1, 186]. 
The House met at twelve o'cloc,k, m. Prayer 
b the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
KANSAS. 
Mr. CONWAY. Mr. Speaker, 1 rise toa ques- 
tion of privilege. I observe by the reading of the 
Journal this morning, that a resolution was of- 
fered yesterday during my absence, by the hon- 
orable gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. HiNDMAN,J 
that the Committee on the Judiciary be, and 
they are hereby, instructed to inquire whether 
Hon. MARTIN F. CONWAY, claiming to represent 
the State of Kansas, has been legally and consti- 
tutionally elected a Representative to the Congress 
of the United States from said State; and that said 
committee report by bill or otherwise." As this 
the first time, sir, that my right to seat in 
thig House has been doubted, and ag I went to 
the Speaker's desk and received the oath of office 
without. object.ion beincr made by any member, I 
deem it due to me, and so think the honorable 
gentleman from Arkansas will conceive it to be, 
that he should inform the House of the reason 
which has prompted him to so extraordinary a 
proceeding. 
Mr. I-IINDMAN.• Mr. Speaker, it affords me 
pleasure, in reply to the honorable gentleman from 
Kansas, to siate the reasons prompting me in 
i.vhat he denominates " so extraordinary a pro- 
It is right that I should say here that 
ceeding. " 
I have been actuated by no intention of showing 
disrespect to the gentleman himself, and by no 
feeling of hostility towards his State. My object 
has been, and is, simply to discharge a public 
The Constitution of the United States, in arti- 
cle one, section two, provides that the House 
of Representatives shall be composed of members 
chosen every second year by the people of the 
several States." That Constitution is binding 
upon every member here. We have all sworn 
to support it; and must, in all things, conform our 
In respect to repre- 
action to its requirements. 
sentation in this body, it is our duty to see that 
no person not constitutionally eligible and duly 
elected is admitted to scat. TV c are bound to 
exclude such as have not been chosen by the 
people- of the several States." 
The late Territory of Kansas was admitted into 
the Union as a State on last Monday, I believe, 
the 28th ultimo. So soon as she thus became a 
State, the right to choose one member of this 
Houbc rested in her people. Prior to that time, 
they had no such right, for thcy did not consti- 
tute a State; and, under the clause of the Consti- 
tution which I have just quoted, none except 
States arc cntitled to choose Representatives to 
Congress. 
The gentleman from Kansas was elected long 
before Kansas was admitted. He was not elected 
by the people of State, but by the people of a 
'Territory. 'i'he question raised by the resolution 
I offered is, whether such election is valid. Can 
the act of admission go back, in its effect, to the 
ti me when the W yandotte constitution was adopted 
by the people of Kansas, and' constitute Kansas 
a State of the Union from that time on? so, 
what becomes of thc various offcial acts of ter- 
ritorial officers, and tho acts of the territorial jn- 
diciary, especially, in the interi1Y1? All arc nulli- 
lied. On the, other hand, if the act of admission 
is not retroactive; if its effcacy began only when 
it was passed and became a law, and did not reach 
back to cover previous events, then the election 
of the gentlernan was invalid , and has no right 
to a seat in this House. 
Mr. GROVV. I wish to say one word. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Allow me for a moment 
more. 
I am sir, that there are numerous- in- 
stances whore Senators and Represen tatives 
chosen by Territories before ndtnissron as States, 
have bccn allowed to take their seats; but the fact 
those cases havc occurred does vot settle the ques- 
tion of right. It matters not what the precedents 
have been; a bad practice ought not further to be 
pursued. The question for us to decide, is: is a 
Territory entitled, under the Constitution, to clcct 
a Representativc to the Congress of' the United 
States? At thc time the gentleman from Kansas 
was elected, Kansas, beyond doubt, was a 
tory. That is the issue my resolution presents; 
and it is the only one it was designed to raise. 
Mr. GROW. I desire to call the attention of 
the gentleman from Arkansas to the case of his 
own State. Her Representatives in Congress 
were first elected when she was in a territorial 
condition. 
Mr. RUST. I-Ie has admitted, not denied, that 
therc wcrc such cases. 
Mr. GROW. 'l'hcre were very many like cases. 
Territories, before their admission into the Union 
as States, have herctoforc done all that was ne- 
cessary for them to do to complete their State gov- 
ernments. Mr. Butler, Attorney General under 
General Jackson, decided that before the admis- 
Sion of a-State, it was necessary to have oreanized 
by the Territory. So that this case is like all 
others thqt have occurred; and in the case of 
Arkansas, the very question was adjudicated. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 do not controvert the facts 
I am aware that in 
which the gentleman states. 
the case of Arkansas, and many others which I 
referred to awhile ago, without specifying any 
particular one—in the cases of California, Ore- 
gon, and divers others—such admission has been 
allowed, of Representatives and Senators alike, 
prior to the passage of the act; but, as I said be- 
fore, that precedent does not demonstrate its own 
rightfulness. The question is, ought the prece- 
dent to have been set, or ought it now to be fol- 
lowed? And this question is not to be decided 
by saying that such thihgs have been done hereto- 
fore; but it must be determined by inquiry into the 
foundation of such action. Was it right? And if 
right, it ought w to be followed; and if not, it 
should bc set asidc. 
Mr. GROW. I do not wish the gentleman to 
understand me as making any objection upon that 
ground. I only stated the facts. 
COMPROMISE RESOLUTIONS. 
I design, at the 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. 
proper time and before the final vote is taken upon 
the resolut.ions reported by the select committee 
of thirty-three in relation to the. disturbed state of 
the country, to offer a resolution as a substitute 
I desire, 
for those reported from that committee. 
sir, now to present it to the House, that it may be 
printed, to enable me to offer it at the proper time. 
No objection being made, the resolution was 
received, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 ask that the joint 
resolution rnay be read. 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of 
the United States of Jhnc:ica in Congress asscnzhled, (two 
thirds of both Houses concurri\'lg,) That the töllowing arti- 
cles be, and aye hereby, proposed and subrnitted as amend- 
ment* to thc Constitution ot• the United States, which shall 
be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of said Consti- 
tution, when ratified by conventions oc three fourths of the 
several States : 
ART. 13. 'I'hat ill all the Territory now held by the Uni- 
ted States, situated north of latitude 3GQ 301, involuntary 
servitude, except in tbc punishment of crune, is prohib- 
ited, while such Territory shall rcrnain under a territorial 
government. 'I'l)at in all the 'I'erritory now held south of 
said tine, neither Congress nor any 'i'erritorial Legislature 
shall hinder or prevent the n)igration to said 'Territory of 
persons held to service from any States ofthis Union where 
that relation exists by virtue of' any law or usage of such 
State, it shall rclnaiu in a territorial condition : and 
when any Fl'erritory north or south of said line, within such 
boundaries as Congress may prescribe, shall contain the 
population requisite 101• a Inemher of Congress, according to 
the then Federal ratio of representation of the people of 
the United States, it Inay, it' Its form of government be re- 
publican, bc adniitted into the Union on an equal ft)0ting 
with the original States, 'rvit,ll or without the relation of 
person* beld to service and labor, as the constitution Of 
such new State rnay provide. 
ART. 14. 'l'hat nothing in the Constitution of the United 
States, 01' any amendment thereto, shall be so construed as 
to authorize any dcparnnent of the Governinent to, In any 
manner, interrere with the relation of persons held to ser. 
vice In any State where that relation exists, nor in any 
manner to cstablisl: or sustain that relat.ion in any State 
where it is prohibited by the laws or constitution of such 
State ; and that this article shall not be altered or amended 
without the consent of every State ill the Union. 
ART. 15. 'I'hc thir(l paragraph of the second section of 
the fourth article of the Constitution shall be taken and 
construed to authorize and clnpower Congress to pass laws 
necessary to secure the return of persons held to service, or 
labor under the laws of any Statc who may have escaped 
therefrom, to the. party to whom such service or labor may 
be due. 
ART. 16. The migration or importation of persons held 
to service or involuntary servitude into any State, 'I'erri- 
ritory, or place within the United States, from any place or 
country beyond the limits ofthc United States or Territories 
thereof, is forever prohibited. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 am very happy to see 
that proposition coming from the source it does. I 
It is encouraging 
hail It as at) auspicious omen. 
that any offer of compromise should come from 
the Republican side; and particularly from my 
able colleague, who stands so near to the Presi- 
the machinery of a State government, so that it II dent elect. I say this, not knowing what my col- 
league's plan proposes, only that it is intended as 
might go into operation the moment of admission ; 
otherwise there would be no eovcrnmcnt at all, 
a peace 
the territorial government havißg been destroyed Mr. LOVEJOY. If that resolution is not in 
by the act of admission. 
It has been the decis- 
ion of t.he Government, therefore, that, beföre the 
admission as a State, a Territory may elect all 
the officers necessary for a State governmont, and 
that the State government thus- organized goes 
into operation fi•orn the day Congres passed the 
act of admission; that that act legalizes the pre- 
vious acts on the formation ofa State povernment 
order, I object to it. [Cries of Too late! 
TOO 
TheSPEAKER. Theordertoprinthasalready 
becn made. 
Mr. KELLOGG, oflllinois. 1 did the 
rcrnark of I-ny colleague upon the other side in 
I would like to 
relation to the President elect. 
hear it. 
