1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
port of the Chiriqui commission, not one bushel 
of coal will be found upon the -lands selected for 
tbe purpose of a coal depot. The grants to the 
Government were merely for the purposc of es- 
tablishing coal depots. rl'he contract contemplates 
that the Government shall purchase its coal from 
the Chiriqui Improvement Company, what- 
ever company shall work the mines. To show 
that I am not mistaken in reference to this matter, 
I will read a portion of the report of Captain 
Engle. He says: 
To Frenchtnan's creek from Boca dei nrago, is forty.- 
two miles. You pass through the Boca del Tigre, a finc, 
wide, open channel; which only requires a fort on Water- 
cay to command it, and a light [Or navigators to clear the 
Tigre breaker, as well as lör a point to deiermine the course 
to be steered through the shoals to the southward of it. 
Then you have twenty Illiles of slnooth harbor surface to 
steam before reaching Frenchman'* creek, the now pro- 
posed terminus of tbe road, which would increase the 
steaming distance fY0in any of our ports, via Cape San An- 
tonio, thirty miles cach way. Examine the line for Shep- 
herd's harbor. Boca del Drago has Columbus island on its 
east and the main on its west. On entering the channel 
you make a sharp angular turn and head [Or the. inain, 
wlicre there should be a fort; from this point you have. two 
raking fires, which no ship or ships can stand, for you have 
to face the 'nuzzle to a distance of fitty yards, then broad- 
side, and then stern to.' Near this point must be the great 
depot for the coal from the mines, which must be brought 
there for shipment. It is the most available point; the dis- 
tance to Chauguinola is six rni!es." 
Thus, sir, your five thousand acres, when lo- 
cated for the purpose of coal depots, will still be 
six miles from the coal mines. Those mines are 
entirely outsidc of any of the lands which will 
belong to the Government. 
But I do not consider this very objectionable; 
for if theGovernment had the right to locate their 
lands where coal abounds, I am not of the opinion 
that the Government would gain anything by min- 
I think if the Government mined 
incr its own coal. 
its own coal that it would cost twice as much, and 
it may be four times as much, as if it were pur- 
in open market. However that may be, 
still it is true there are no coal mines upon the 
land to belong to the Government; and the Gov- 
ernment will therefore be compelled to purchase 
tbe coal that. it may need. 
On this question of coal, I beg now to call 
atlention to the fourth provision of the contract 
made between the Secretary of the Navy and A. 
W. Thompson, the Chiriqui Improvement 
Company. It is as follows: 
4. The United States shall have the right, and the same 
is hereby conveyed, to all coal, for naval purposes, at or 
near the point* selected for coal depots and naval stations 
as ataresaid ; but if' coal shall bc mund of superior quality 
fur stealli purposes, in other places than thosc so selected, 
then t.hc United States shall have the right, and the e•atnc 
is hereby conveyed, to use the same, subject only to the 
tax of one dime per ton, as provided to be paid to the pro- 
vincial authorities of Chiriqui, in the grant aforesaid, and 
the cost of mining and delivering the same." 
There is a good deal of' verbiage here; but when 
inembers (Yet at the straiffhtforward meaning of 
that provision, it will, I think, be found to be this: 
that the Government of the United States shall 
pay $300,000 for tho privilege of purchasing coal 
of this company at tho same rate as all others who 
may want it. Therefore, the professed advant- 
ages under this provision of the contract really 
amount to nothing. It is so plain a thing that 
there is hardly any excuse for me to waste more 
words upon it. 
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 hope the gentleman from 
New York will permit me to put a question to 
him in reference to the point on '..vhich he is now 
commenting. 
Mr. POTTLE. 1 yield for that purpose. 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Was there any evidence 
before the Committee on Naval Affairs going to 
show that the coal in the neighborhood of the 
proposed naval depots of the Government is prop- 
er and fit for the use of the United States steam 
marine? If there be any evidence, what is it? 
Mr. POTTLE. Thcrc was very little evidence 
before the committee on any subject; and what 
we had was rather a matter of faith—'e the evi- 
dence of things unseen, and the substance of things 
It is proper f should 
[Laugh ter.] 
hoped for." 
say another word, for I want to do justice to all 
In reference to the coal found 
parties concerned. 
in Chiriqui, the report of the commission would 
that, if it exists there, there is no necessity for the 
Government of the United States paying a bonus 
for the right to purchase coal from this company 
upon the same terms all others can purchase it— 
namely, at the market price. That is my point; 
and it cannot be successfully refuted. 
Mr. MORSE. I ask to state a piece of evi- 
dencc upon which the committee relies. 
Mr. POTTLE. 1 cannot yield to an argument, 
but I will to a question. 
Mr. MORSE. I ask the gentleman, then, 
whether Lieutenant Morton and the chief engi- 
neer of the expedition do not report that they tried 
the coal, and found it of good quality for the use 
of the United States steam marine? 
Mr. POTTLE. I recollect very well that there 
was some evidence in reference to this Chiriqui 
coal before the committee, but it was of an insuf- 
ficient and unsatisfactory character. In order, 
however, not to do injustice to the Chiriqui Im- 
provement Company, I have already stated that 
the report of the expedition appeared to show that 
there wyas an abundance of coal of good quality to 
be found on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus. 
Mr. CAMPBELL. lunderstand the gentleman 
from New York to say, further, that the contem- 
plated purchase us no right to mine coal 
there for our own use. 
Mr. POTTLE. Yes, sir; and 1 have read that 
portion of the report of Captain Engle which 
shows that the nearest coal is SLX tnilcs from where 
the depot will have to be located. 
Now, sir, I pass from that point to another, to 
which I ask the attention of the House. I mean 
the advantacres to be derived by the Government, 
as stated in the contract, by the right of transit 
over the roadway of said company. In order 
that we may understand exactly whatkind of right 
it is, I will read from the contract: 
First. The United States, for thc consideration herein- 
after named, shall have and enjoy a right of way or transit 
over said road, which is hereby granted to them by the party 
Lhe second part, free froun all tolls or taxes upon offl- 
cers, aaent.s, seamen, landsmen, mails, munitions, stores, 
troops, or any direct property of tbc United States which 
the Government thereof Inay transport or cause to bc trans- 
portcd over thc sai(l road during the continuance of the 
present grant made by the said provincc of Chiriqui to the 
said Arnbrose W. Thompson." 
If we are dealing with the Chiriqui Improve- 
ment Company in reference to t11C of travel 
over that old provincial road, then it is hardly 
necessary for us to pay $300,000 for that right, 
because we can have it as well without. Travel 
over that road, if it. shall over bc improved, would 
be quite as much for tho interest of the cornpany as 
to any one else, and they would doubtless be glad 
to have this and all other Governments cxcrcisc 
the right of using that road, and thus afford a 
chance for the settlement and improvement of the 
lands of the company. 
if, howevcr, it bc contended that the grant to 
the Chiriqui Improvement Company gives it a 
right to construct a railway over that road, and 
that it is proposed to give the Government of the 
United States the benefit of transit on that rail- 
way when constructed, then we must look at thc 
rights of this company as set forth in their grant 
from Costa Rica. First, is itin a position to grant 
such aright to us ? and, secondly, If it is, then is the 
route one upon which the company could construct 
a railway for the transportation of freight? The 
first point can be disposed of briefly. will read 
the language of the grant from Costa Rica to this 
company—articles fourteen and eighteen, which 
are us follows: 
ART. 14. The grantees shall not at any tune be permit- 
ted to disenibark or transport, Ilor consent to the transport- 
ation or disembarkation, at any tilne whatsoever, across the 
rai',road, of troops, arrns, rnunitions of war belonging to any 
foreign Governrnent, or to individuals, or private socicties, 
[conipauies.] The Republic of Costa Rica only shall possess 
this right. "The infraction of this article by the grantees, 
their agents, or those charged with the direction and admin- 
istration of the enterprise, shall forthwith work as a com- 
plete nullity and forfeiture of the presentcontract in all and 
every one of its parts, and the confiscation not only of such 
arms and munitions of war, but also of the railroad and all 
its works and fixtures. 
ART. 18. Tile grantees at 110 time shall be. at liberty, 
under penalty ('f fortöiting the privileges of this con- 
tract, to transfer or to cede to any fbreign Government the 
grant of concessiDns and priviieges Inade to [heul by virtue 
of the present contract." 
Thus we see the moment Congress ratifies the 
seem to establish the fact that there is abundance 
of coal on the Atlantic side of the Isthmus, and contract between the Secretary of t.he Navy and 
mako Ambrose W. Thompson, for this company, that 
of good quality for shipping purposes. 
very moment the grant of Costa Rica is forfeited, 
no point on that part of the case. The point. f 
make is, not that coal does not exist there, but and the rights Of the Chiriqui Improvement Com- 
pany a-re lost, togeth"éiwith the $300;0jO-Which we 
had appropriated. Thére• Cin be no mistake, ih 
It is perfectly 
regard to this point. 
look at the grant as you will, Costa Rica bas hot 
yielded the privilege of transporting troops land 
munitiöns of war. No such privilege was. con- 
ferred upon this company; and if it 
confer that power upon any foreign Government, 
then its grant will become ut.terly hull and void. 
And yet we are grayely considering Whether 
we had not better, in the present condition of the 
Treasury, authorize the payment of $300,000; with 
a perfect certainty that, by so doing, we destio,y 
the grant, and the further certainty of the u'ttér 
impossibility of the Chiriqui company carrying 
out its contract with this Government. 
If there is still doubt on this point, I bég leave 
to refer to the amendment -now pending, offered 
by the honorable chairman (if the Committee On 
Naval Affairs, which, in terms, provides' that we 
shall have no right to use this accofding to the 
terms of the contract wliich we ate asked to tat- 
ify, namely, for the purpoSe of transporting troops 
and munitions of war; in oxthér words, that 
shall have no right. to use it for üny of -the pur- 
poses for which it •vvas obtained until we first-puh- 
chase that right from the Government of Costa 
Rica. Now, it seems to me that the honorable 
chairman of the committee leaves off just where 
we should begin—that if we are to obtain this right 
from that Government, we should devote our 
money to the purchase of a right which we can 
rely upon. There is little doubt butthat this Chir- 
iqui company, if it ever builds a road, will accept 
any freight wllich may be offered, which they are 
at liberty, under this grant, to transport* 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would like to ask thegen- 
tleman a single que$ion. Suppose we grant this 
$300,000 to Thompson, and he should put it in 
his pocket: what redress have we? 
I have just 
Mr. POTTLE. None whatever. 
stated there was no provision in this contract 
binding the Chiriqui company to build thiss road; 
and their transfer to us ofa portion of their grant 
from Costa Rica would effectually prevent them 
from fulfilling any of the provisions of their con- 
tract. We have thc facts before our eyes, and it 
was to that end that sent up my amendment. I 
wanted to know whether the Governmentof Costa 
Rica would consent to this al•rangement; and 1 
wanted to know whether it was a roadway Or a 
railway intended by this contract, and whether it 
I think it 
would be a railway vv'hen it was built. 
will bo ample time to vote this $300,000 froin the 
Treasury, in the present condition of the country, 
to pay for these privileges, when it is ascertained 
that we arc to derive benefits worth paying for. 
I have devoted too much time to this point. I 
now proceed to another point—the right to the 
use of the harbors, &c. I read from that portion 
of the contract, as follows: 
And the further right to use, as harbors, the waters. 
gulfs, bays, or lagoons, sheltered, or partially surrounded 
by the lartds of the said Thompson, or the said Improve- 
ment Company." 
Sir, is it possible that the House of Represent- 
ativcs can gravely sit here and debate the question 
whether the waters of the ocean or gulfs are mat- 
ters granted to the Chiriqui company or whether 
it can grant them to us? Is there a possibility, 
under the laws of nations, that this company 
could have any right whatever to transfin• these 
If there is no 
privileges to the United States? 
possibility, why was it put into the contract, ex- 
cept to mislead us as to the benefits under this 
? It could have been put there for no 
contract 
other purpose. The Secretary, when he made 
this condition, must have made it with a knowl- 
edge that such rights were not the subjects of 
transfer. Sir, allow me to recapitulate the points 
I have endeavored to keep in view: first, the coal 
grant is simply nothing; second, the right to 
transport troops and munitions of war, &c. , is cut 
off by the very terms of the grant from Costa 
Rica; third, the sale to us of harbor rights is void 
by the law of nations, and ought not to have been 
embraced in the contract. 
Then we come down to the fourth considera- 
tion left, upon which this $300,000 is to be paid; 
and that. is, the possible benefits to result from the 
construction of this railroad. I -do not kriox.v what 
my colleague over the way meaos,when he says 
that inasmuch as we have sent out this com- 
mission, We are goöd Faith, tb i•atify 
