1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
the end, that we shall have some of these benefits 
before we pay out this #300,000. W c should [10t 
make haste .10 pay to this Chiriqui company from 
an exhausted 'l'reasury $300,000, and leave it to 
them , as a mere point othonor, whether they will 
make any return to us for the money. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 understand the gentleman 
from Texas [Mr. HAM}LTON] desires to speak on 
the special order to-day, and perhaps some other 
gentlemen. With a view of enabling them to do 
so, I move that the committee do now rise. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to suggest an amend- 
ment to the proposition of the gentleman from 
New York. 
The CHAIRMAN. No other amendment is 
in- order this time. 
The question was taken; and Mr. STANTON'S 
motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, N,'lr. BURNETT reported that 
the Conunittec of the Whole on the stato of the 
Union had had under consideration the special 
order, bei ng tbc Senate amendments to the bill (H. 
No. 866) to supply deficiencies in the appropria- 
tions for the fiscal yearending June 30, 1861, aud 
had come to no conclusion thereon. 
ENROLLED DILL. 
Mr. DAVIDSON, the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and 
found truly enrolled a bili (S. No. 64) to author- 
ize the extension and use of a branch of the Alex- 
andria, Loudoun, and Hampshire. railroad within 
the city of Georgetown; when the Speaker signed 
the same. 
ADVERSE REPORTS. 
Mr. MT ASEIBURNE, of Illinois, asked and 
obtained coruscnt to report back froin the Com- 
mittec on Commerce, the following bill and me- 
morials; which wcrc laid on the table, aud the 
committee discharged from the further consider- 
ation the-reof: 
A bill to continue in force an act therein men- 
tioned relating to the port of Baltimore; 
Petition of Charles Sowles, praying fot a grant 
for a ferry over Lake Champlain from Allburgh, 
Vermont, to Rouse's Point, New York; 
Memorial of ship-owners in Brunswick and 
vicinity, State of Maine, asking for certain altcr- 
ations in the navigation laws; 
Communications of State Department relative 
to a recent change in the currency of Austria; and 
Petition of John Wilder, for u change of law in 
regard to steam-boilers. 
DNROLLLND BILLS. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (H. 
R. No. 670) granting an increase o? pension to 
-S'Villiam G. Bernard, late a soldier ill the United 
States Army; and a bill (H. R. No. 919) for the 
relief of F. M. Beauchamp and 13etsy D. Town- 
send; when the Speaker signed the same. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL. 
Mr. CURT [S. I ask unanimous consent to 
have the Pacific railroad bill taken from the 
Speaker's table. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 object. 
Mr. CURTIS. And that it be made the special 
order for next Tuesday week. 
EVENING SESSION. 
The House, at seven o'clock, p. m. , resumed 
its session, Mr. CAMPBELL in the chair t' Speaker 
pro tentpore. 
Mr. KILLINGER. Mr. Speaker, the Federal 
Union was the fruit of the experience furnished 
by the Articles of Confederation. The Federal 
Constitution is the record of the contract entered 
into by the peo ple of the Unitcd States for purpose 
of mutual interest and domestic tranquillity. 
This, our matchless system of Governme t, 
was established at much cost and large sacrifice. 
It has come down to us baptized in the blood of 
our revolutionary ancestors, and is associated 
with the proudest memories that belong to. our 
history; It has withstood the corroding touch of 
years, the assaults of faction, and the shock of 
war. Mut.uai interests and mutual obligations 
are the main pillars of the edifice, and these will 
transmit it unimpaired to our latest postcrity. It 
cannot expire until the power that breathed vital- 
ity into its checks and balances is annihilated, 
which was the American people. The echoes of 
the thunder of the revolu tionary battle-fields have 
not yet died away, and tbc solemn pledges of 
life and fortunc and sacred honor to its mainte- 
nance, still whisper their inspiration! Its author- 
ity continues to be supreme on all subjects within 
the sphere-of its jurisd iction and the range of its 
oranted powers; it craves permission from no 
which will leave scarcq two -in politicel 
afinicy. tl'he only 'thing: p'össiblC, sl.i0iit Of 
arch y, is, the Republic, first •and -one.91iid 
indivisible. 
It is' as*ümed that the aet- of secession: has pläQd 
tl e seccding State outside the Unioh; tilid that, 
•lerefore, the •laws and Constitåtidn of United 
States are no longer operative within her I-im-its. 
I will not argue the entire insufbcicncy of An'y plea 
for secession as a matter of constitutiondl right. 
The concurring judgment df the great men-who 
framed our institutions, and illustrated thenar in 
lives of honorable uséfulness„has pronounced. its 
utter insuficiency. Wa€hington åhd Madisoh, 
Jefferson and Jackson, Clay and W Obster, all 
denied any such right or remedy. They who 
hold tl)e heresy misconceive the origin and char- 
It is not any sense 
acter of out' Governmcnt. 
the creature of one or more States. it is emphat- 
ically the offspring of the popcilsu• will. Thp peo- 
ple established it; they gave ita written Constitu- 
tion ; they enumerated its powers, and they defined 
its authority. It contains within-itself the means 
of self-protection, and the power of decision on 
all controverted points, subject, like all popular 
Governments, to its responsibility, to the source 
of' ail power in a free country—the people. The 
recognition of this principle is thc keystone Of the 
governmental arch. With it, yours IS a constitu- 
tional Governtncnt•, wit.bout it, it is a mei•e Con- 
federacy, a political partnership, to bc dissolved 
I power on earth to fulfill its functions, or to per- 
at the caprice o? any one of the associated part- 
petuatc its existence; it has no right to abdicate; 
it cannot exc.lude an V Statc from its protecting ners. The Constitution itself, under such con- 
struction, becomes what Wcbstcr fitly character- 
aegis, nor pennil any portion of the people to re- 
izcd as ' 'a collection of topics for everlasting 
vblt a«rainst the duties of a citizenship. 
history we have to controüersy, heads of debate for a disputatious 
For thc first timc in our 
deal with a deliberate attempt, already partially people." 
consummated, to disrupt. the Federal Union, and All controversies, then, must be sett.led within 
overthrow tbc Federal Govcrnrncnt. We are the Union; anci there is ample redress afforded for 
all legitimate grievances under the Constitution, 
daily movincr in the midst of the revolut,ion which 
contemplates this dire treason to free institutions. 
The question, then, which engages us, goes to the 
very foundations of our. political system, and 
necessarily subordinates all mere or 
governmcnotal policy and administralivc reforms, 
to its overwhelmin«r :nagnitude and importance. 
It involves the dissoluti01') and reconstrt_1cti01'1 0? 
onr political system; it threatens to resolve the 
Government into its elementary forces; and this 
is rcvo\ution. 
What is our actual condition at this moment? 
i Several of the States have declared, by solemn or- 
dinance, their secession from the rights and duties 
which is the written evidence of the rights secured 
to and the duties imposed upon the pcople. 
blesses every path and guards every home. It is 
thc highest law known to us in onr capacity of 
citizenship, and is entitled to obedience m all its 
parts. 
As between the border slave States and the free 
States, i admit there has becn some cause of com- 
plaint; but none which cannot be arranged, and 
which requires an appeal to the last resort, that 
of armed rebellion—bullets instead of ballots ! 
With the seceding States, the present occasion 
only scrvcs as a pretext. We have to deal to-day 
willi the same spirit of insubordination which 
reciprocally attaching to II)C Federal Union. Oth- 
ers are likély to follow their exarnple. Forts and I Presidcnt Jackson curbed bv the exercise of his 
strong will and the power of the Federal author- 
arsenals have been seized, and are in the occu- 
pancy of the hostile States. Thcautl-kority of tbe ity. This heresy of secession 'evas in full devel- 
the national flag has been opment before slavery, then a matter of purely 
laws has been defied; 
insultingly trodden under foot; and preparations II local concern, became a part of our national pol- 
are act.ually threatened to take possession of this it itics. Jackson predicted thatche negro would, 
in time, serve as a pretext for it; and the predic- 
Capitol, and prevent [he inauguration of tbc Pres- 
idente\ect. So far has the conspiracy progressed, tion has become history. From that day to the 
that it is heard in open defiance on the floors of E present, the southern mind has been occupied 
Congress, and holds within its grasp the sworn with vain Ibeories of southern aggrandizement 
officers of the Government. Those who havo outside ofa Union—which is really the only pro- 
-i tection left in the wide world for its peculiar insti- 
taken solemn obligations to maintain the Consti 
tutions—and finally the southern heart has been 
tution inviolate, and to execute the laws made in 
pursuance thcrcof, have yielded a ready ear to its fired, and the Gulf Statcs are actually precipitated 
syren songs of delusion, 0k' been intimidated by into revolution ! 
If we intend to be true to our solemn oaths of 
It! 
its brazen assurance and impudent menaces. 
has filched from the national Treasury, beggared allegiance, we must establish the disputed fact 
from the Speaker's table, except in the regular I, the finances, and paralyzed the industry of the that the Government of the United stales still 
country. has betrayed the property of' the ists, de jure, defacto, and is the only Government 
to be reccpnized in this country. In the langua«e 
General Government in10 the hands of traitors, 
order of business. 
Mr. CURTIS, well, 1 ask that the amend- 
and has corrupled the fountains of public moral- of Clay, in a similar exigency, I am for ascer- 
ments may be printed. Does the gentleman 0k)- 
In opcn rebellion in some taining whether we have a Government or not— 
ityand private virtue. 
of the States, it has itinerant commissioners in practical, efficient, and capable of maintaining its 
ject to that? 
authority, and of upholding the powers which 
Mr. GARNETT. No; 1 do not to that. I 
others, and invites rcvolution in all. 
So long as we have 
My desire is not to have the position of the bilk 
In tho facc of these things, what is the first step belong to a Government." 
to be taken that itself to every patriotic not asserted the dignity of the Government, we 
changed. 
The amendments were ordered to be printed 
citizen? What is the first duty required of every cannot treat with those who have defied its au- 
thority. While menaced with hostility and threat- 
Representative of the people? Plainly to assert 
STATE OF UNION. 
The House then proceeded to the consideration I the dignity of the Government, and to vindicate 'i encd with violence, N.ve cannot with propriety or 
self-respect take a step backward. Until we roll 
the out-raged majesty of the law. No man 's prop- I 
of the special order, being the report of the select 
erty, no man's life, neither oar institutions nor I back the tide of rebellion which threatens to inguif 
committee of thirty-three; on which Mr. HAMIL- 
our liberties, are secure, except as we maintain the l' us all in a common ruin, overthrow our free in- 
TON was entitled to the floor. 
If we had a bond of stitutions, and subject the people to the iron rule 
Mr. HAMILTON and Mr. STOKES ad- Government in its integrity. 
dressed the House. [Their remarks will be pub- fate that the mischief wou\d stop where its limits of n despotic minority, if nota mez•e military des- 
are now dcfineå, we might acquiesce, with regret, potism, I cannot consent to turn aside from the 
lished in the Appendix.] 
l; but without alarm. But we have no such secu- plain path of duty to weigh constitutional abstrac- 
Mr. KILLINGER obtained the floor. 
pity. MT ith the loss of a single State, the arch tions, or pass upon congressional compromises, 
'I'he SPEAKER stated that, the hour of four 
tumbles to the ground. The withdrawal ofa part Any cotnprom ise to which I Cive my consent 
o'clock havin• arrived, under tbc order of the 
House there would be a recess taken until seven ' destroys the cohesion of all that remains. The must be accompanied with a distinct renunciation 
II 
secession of one State is the signal ofa catastrophe of the doctrine ofDsece»ion; otherwise, the se- 
o'clock, p. m. 
