698 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
the portals that lead to the ark of our political of Clinton county, Indiana* praying the settle- 
covenant. Your noble Executive has encouraged ment of the' present national difficulties by the 
the hearts and warmed the patriotism of loyal prohibition of slavery north of the. parallel. of 360 
men everywhere by carrying the flag and keeping 
a firm step to -the music of the Union in this most 
critical juncture. . Whenever I pass through your 
monumental city, I gaze with emotions of pr_ide 
on the memorials of patriotism which adorn-its 
streets like altars of devotion. As I look upon 
the mute but eloquent statue of the Father of his 
Country, I congratulate myself that so long as it 
stands looking down upon the people of Mary- 
tand, it will -plead- trumpet'tongued against the 
-deepdamnation "ofdisurupn; and God grant that, 
80 lo_ng as statueshall-remain upon its pedes- 
tab Maryland may.prove loyal to the Constitu- 
tion ! 
And now, Mr. Speaker, I have done. God 
grant that I have spoken a word in season. 'I'he 
responsibility of my action weighs heavily on my 
heart. Regarding the dismemberment of my coun- 
try not only as the greatest of all political evils, 
but as the one that combines them all in one, I 
could not stifle the utterance of my convictions. 
Other misfortunes may be borne, or their effects 
overcome. Your commerce may be swept from 
the sea; another generation will renew,' il. Your 
Treasury may be bankrupt; future industry will 
replenish it. Your fields may be desolated; in 
the good providence of God they will again grow 
green, anda•ipen future Your Capitol, 
beneath whose proud and majestic proportions 
the American people this day sit in august coun- 
cil, in the persons of their chosen representatives, 
may crumble, and its lofty pillars fall; all, all may 
be rebuilt and renewed. But who shall recon- 
struct the fabricofdemolished Government? Who 
shall rear again the well-adjusted and equally- 
balanced columns of constitutional liberty? Who 
shall frame together the skillful architecture which 
now unites national sovereignty with State rights 
—the liberties of the people with the stability of 
the Government? 
The Elouse was then addressed by Messrs. 
QUARLES and WILSON. speeches 
will be ublished in the Appendix.] 
Mr. IUGHES obtained the floor. 
Mr. LOGAN. I insist that I addressed the 
Chair before the gcntlcrnan from Maryland, 
Mr. HOLMAN. To settle the difficulty be- 
tween thc gentleman from Illinois and the gentle- 
man from Maryland, I suggest that, by unani- 
mous consent, the gentleman from Illinois be 
allowed to follow the gentleman from Maryland 
in the morning. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair hears 
no objection, and it is so ordered. 
Mr. LOGAN. 1 am content. 
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Thereupon the House (at ten o'clock and ten 
minutes, p. m.) adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
SATURDAY, February 2, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Reva Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition ofmer- 
chants and ship-owners of Portland, Maine, and 
its vicinity, praying that, in the adjustment of the 
tariff bill now before Congress, tea and coffee, 
when imported from any country east of the Cape 
of Good Hope, may be admitted free of duty; i 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. B[GLER presented a petition of citizens 
of Adams county, Pennsylvania; a petition. of 
citizens of Delaware county, Pennsylvania; a 
petition of citizens of Juniata county, Pennsyl- 
vania; and two petitions of citizens of Montgom- 
ery county, Pennsylvania, severally praying for 
the adoption of the compromise measures pro- i 
posed by Mr. CRITTENDEN', which were ordered 
to lie on thc table. 
Mr. li'lTCH presented the proceedings of a 
30' north latitude, and recoffnizing its existenée 
south of: that line; which were ordered to lie on 
the table. 
! Mr. CAMERON prcsented eigh teen petitions 
of citizens of Philadelphia j praying Congress to 
stand firm- for tbc Union, the Constitution as it is, 
and the enforcement -of the laws; which were 
ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a peti tion of citizensof North- 
umberland county, Pennsylvania, praying the 
adoption of the compromise measures proposed 
by Mr. CRITfENDEN•, which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
He also presented two petitions of inhabitants 
of Huntington and Fulton counties, Pennsylva- 
nia, praying for the establishment ofa mail route 
from Mount Union to McConnelsburg, in that 
State; which were referred to the Committee on 
the Post Oflicc and Post Roads. 
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi- 
zens of Bur Oak, St. Joseph county, Michigan, 
praying Congress to ascertain whether we have a 
Go vernment defacto, and if so, that measures may 
be taken for the immediate apprehension and con- 
fineme•nt of all persons presenting themselves at 
the scat of the Federal Government, under the 
pretense of being commissioners from the inde- 
pendent government of South Carolina, or any 
other State belonging to this Confederacy, until 
a legal investigation can be had, based upon a 
charge of treason against the United States; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of 
Lynchburg, Ohio, praying the adoption of the 
compromise measures proposed by Mr. CRITTEN- 
DEN ; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
I-Ic also presented a petition of citizens of Mor- 
gan county, Ohio, praying that the compromise 
measures proposed by Elon. Mr. CRITTENDEN 
may be adopted; which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
COUNTING OF ELECTORAL VOTES. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 
olution preparatory to counting the votes for Pres- 
idcnt and Vice Prcsident; the consideration of 
which was objected to by the Senator from Penn- 
I desire to havc that resolution called 
sylvania. 
up; and if there is to be opposition to counting 
the votes for President and Vice President, let us 
know it. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 made the objection simply 
because I desired to go on with other business. 
That was my only reason. 
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed 
to; and the Senate•proceeded to consider it. 
as follows• 
Resolved, That a committee be appointed by the Presi- 
(Icut of the Scnatc, to consist of three members, to join 
such conunittee as zuay be appointed by the douse of Rep- 
resentatives, to ascertain and report a 1110de for examinin« 
the votes for President and Vice President of the United 
States, and notifying the persons chosen of their election. 
The resolution was adopted; and Mr. TRUM- 
BULL, Mr. FOOT, and Mr. LATHAM were ap- 
pointed the committee on the part of the Senate. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. BIGLER askcd, and by unanimous con- 
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 
555) providing for a settlement of the accounts of 
the contractors for the erection of the United 
States marine hospital at New Orleans, Louisiana; 
which was read twice by its title and referred to 
the Committee on Commerce. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com- 
mcrce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 524) 
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue 
a rtffisterto tl'le schooner Perseverance, ot'Ogdens- I 
burg, State of New York, reported it without • 
amendment. 
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Mil- 
itary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred 
the bill (H. R. No. 299) for the payment of 
meeting of citizens of Laporte county, Indiana 
held at Iluntsman 's Hall, on the 18th of January,' 
1861, indorsing and recommending the adoption 
out amendment. 
of the compromise measures proposed by Mr. 
MOSES MEEKER. 
CRITTENDEN ; which were ordered to lie on the 
table. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on ln- 
He also presented two memorials of citizens I dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. 
R. No. 341) for the relief of Moses Meeker, have 
instructed me to report in favor of the passage .of 
the bill; and I ask that it be put on its passage 
now. 'I'he report is very short; or I can state, in 
a few the bill is. 
By unenimous consent the bill was considered 
as in Comtnitt.ee of the Whole. 
It proposes to 
instruct the Secretary of the Treasury to ascer- 
tain, as in the case of John P. B. and Henry 
Gratiot, what amount, if any, of rent was exacted 
by the United States agents of lead mines from 
Moses Meeker for•lead mined and smelted upon 
the lands of the Ottawa, Pottavzatomie, Chippewa, 
Winnebago, or other tribes of Indians, prior to 
their purchase by the United States, and to pay 
such amount as may be legally proved to have 
been actually paid by Moses Mecker. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before we purchased the 
Indian lands in Wisconsin, this Moses Meeker, 
•as early as 1825, under some arrangement with 
the Indians, went on the mineral lands, and mined 
and smelted lead. One of the agents of' the United 
States assumed the authority to compel him to 
pay over a part of the lead as rent, which hc had 
no authority to do. Under this requirement, he 
paid over to the Government of the United States 
one hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds of 
lead, before we ever purchased or owned the. lands. 
The committee recommend that it shall be repaid to 
him. There were one hundred and twenty-five 
thousand pounds of lead, the value of which, by 
the bill, the Secretary of the Treasury is to ascer- 
tain and pay. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the 
third time, and passed. 
APPEAL IN COPYRIGHT CASES. 
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com- 
mittee on the .Tudiciary, to whom was referred the 
bill (H. R. No.'554) to extehd the right of appeal 
from decisions of circuit courts to the Supreme 
Court of the United States, to report it back with 
amendments; and I ask, also, for its present con- 
sideration. The <Ämendments are very slight. 
The passage of the bill is really of importance to 
the administration of justice. 
The bill was considered as in Committee of the 
Whole. 
It provides that from all judgments and 
decrees of nny circuit court rendered in any ac- 
tion , suit, controversy, or case, at law or in equity, 
under any law of the United States granting or 
confirming to authors the exclusive right to their 
respective writinøs, a writ of error or appeal, as 
the case may require, shall lie to the Supreme 
Court of the United States, in the same manner 
and under the same circumstances as is now pro- 
vided by law in other judgments and decrees of 
the circuit courts, and in all other cases in which 
an injunction is awarded or granted by the decree, 
and also in all other cases in which the court shall 
deem it reasonable to allow the writ of error or 
appeal. 
The Secretary read the amendments of the 
committee, which arc, in line five, after the word 
' equity," to insert " arising;" in lines eleven 
and twelve, to strike out ' 'in all other cases in 
which an injunction is awarded or grunted by the 
decree, and also;" 
and in lines thirteen and four- 
teen, to strike out the words 
writ of error or 
appeal, ' 'and insert the word same;" so that the 
bill will read: 
'I'hat from all judgments and decrees of any circuit court 
rendered in any action, suit, controversy, or case, at law 
or in equity, arising under any law of the United States 
granting or confirming to authors the exclusive right to 
their respective writings, a writ of error or appeal, as the 
case may require, shall lie to the Supreme Court of the 
United States, in the same rnanner and under the saine cir- 
cumstances as is now providod by law in other judgments 
and decrees of such circuit courts, and in all other cases in 
which the court shall deem it reasonable to ailow the same. 
Mr. BAYARD. The only object of the amend- 
ments is simply to do what the House of Repre- 
sentatives intended to do. The object of the whole 
bill is to place parties who enjoy a copy-right, on 
any question arising under the laws of the Uni- 
ted States, in the same position as the holder of 
a patent right; that is, that he may take an appeal, 
without to the amount, in cases arising 
under any law of Congress granting a copy-right. 
That is the whole effect of the bill. The amend- 
ments are to limit it to that. 
The amendments were agreed to. 
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended; 
and the amendments were concurred in, and or- 
