1861. 
T 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a 
third time. It was read the third time, and pas d. 
MRS. E. A. LINN. 
Mr. HALE. T laid upön the table yes erday 
a resolution in relation to the action of the Secre- 
tary of the Senate; and as it is a matte• relating 
to the order of the proceedings of the body, I move 
that it be taken up for disposition. 
I will indicate 
to the Senate the disposition I propose to make of 
it at this*time, which is to refer it to the Commit- 
tee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses 
of the Senate; but I propose to occupy the atten- 
tion of the Senate about five minutes in statin« 
some facts. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- 
cccded to consider the following resolution: 
Resolved, That the reasons assigned by the Secretary of 
the Senate for his neglect to obey the ordor of the Senate, 
made on the 20th of March last. in favor of Mrs. E. A. Linn, 
are insufficient and unsatisfactory, and -that he be in- 
structed forthwith to execute the same. 
Mr. HALE. I move that the resolution which 
I submitted, and the report of the Secretary, in- 
cluding the letter of Mr. Medill, the Comptroller, 
be reförredto the Committee to Audit and Con- 
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, and 
upon that motion I wish to say a word or two. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to suggest, as 
it involves a question of law, whether il should 
not go to the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. HALE. I prefer that it should take the 
usual course; and that is my motion. Ifthc Sen- 
ate do not agree to it, they can vote it down. I 
want to state the history of the case. 
This is an order, peremptory on the face of it, 
directing the Secretary of the Senate to pay from 
the contingent fund a certain sum to Mrs. E. A. 
Linn, widow of the late Dr. Linn, a member of 
this body. Of the propriety or the impropriety 
of the passage of the resolution, I do not propose 
to say a single word, because it is a resolution 
imperative upon its face, mandatory it its char- 
acter, directed to the disbursing officer of this 
Senate. The reason for not paying the money 
is, that subsequent to its passage, the Secretary 
applied to Mr. Medil[ to know whether, if he 
obeyed the order of the Senate, he could bc pro- 
tected in it; and Mr. Medill answered, that he 
could no[., and the Secretary prefers to obey Mr. 
Medill instead of the Senate; and this mandatory 
order of the Senate stands thcrc and is defied by 
your Secretary under the advice of IVTr•. MediH. 
Mr. Medill I do not. know. I know the Secre- 
tary, and have known bim more than half the 
time that he has been Secretary of this body. 
Towards him I have no feelings but thosc of the 
utmost kindness and of the profoundest respcct; 
say; but i wish to say that the law of 1858, un- 
der which Mr. Medill undertakes to justify what 
I consider his impertinent interference, pre- 
cisely the law which has existed for many years. 
The law of 1844, to be found page 170 of Bright- 
ly's Digest, is, in express terms, the same as that . 
of 1858, quoted in the letter from Mr. Medill to 
the Secretary, which is that— 
NQ part of the sums appropriated for the contingent ex- 
penses of either House of Congress, shall be applied toany 
other than tbc ordinary expenditures of the Senate and 
House of Representatives ; nor as extra allowance to any 
clerk, messenoer, or other attendant of the said two Houses, 
or either of them ; nor as payment or compensation to any 
clerk, messenger, or other attendant of the said two Houses, 
or either of them, unless such clerk, _rnessenger, or other 
attendant, be so enlployed by a resolution or order of one 
of said Houses." 
If Senators will take the trouble to look at it, 
they will find that the law of 1858, quoted by Mr. 
Medill, is precisely the law that has prevailed here 
since 1844; and now wish to call the attention 
of the Senate to some of the disbursements which 
have been habitually made by the Senate out of 
its contingent fund. Under resolutions of June 
13 and Deccmber 26, 1844, both of them subse- 
quent to the passage of the law that I have just 
read, there was paid out of the contingent fund of 
this body the funeral expenses of Hon. Abel P. 
Upshur, and five other persons, killed on board 
the United States ship Princeton, $839 55, and 
an equal surn •wras paid by the House of Repre- 
sentatives out of the contincycnt fund of that 
House. 
Under a resolution of Mav 14, 1846, there was 
allowed and paid out of the continerent fund of 
the Senate, $150 for the funeral expenses of James 
Timms, a niesseno•er of tho body, his (laity salary 
from the day of his death, March 20, to the close 
of the session, August 10, 1846, $429, and extra 
compensation, moiths after he had been in his 
grave, of $550, making in the whole a gross suin 
of $1,129. 
I Under a resolution of June 12, 1846, there was 
paid to the representatives of Lewis Saunders, 
messenger, out of the contingent fund of the Sen- 
ate, daily pay from the day of his death, Mav 21, 
to the closc of thc session,.August 10, 1846, 45162; 
and extra compensa,tion at the close of the session, 
$200; and $150 for funeral expenses. 
Under resolutions of December 18, 1845, and 
April 2, 1846, there was paid to the representa- 
tives of Edward Dyer, latc Sergeant-at-Arms, the 
sarne arnount that was paid to the representa- 
lives Qf Stephen Haight, late Sergeant-at-Arms," 
$1,875. Stephen Haightdicd in 1840; and under 
a resolution of January 12, 1841, the Secretary 
was directed to pay for transporting his body to 
Vermont, and funeral expenses, $500; and also 
but I have a higher re.spcct for the privileges of II 
his salary for the residue of the term for which he 
this body than I have for any of its ofüccrs. 
was elected, #1,375; making in all, 
The question whether a direction to pay nM)ney 
out of the contingent fund of the Senate should paid out of the contingent fund. 
Under the resolution of March 15, 1850, there 
be made, was raised once in this bodv Mr. 
was paid to Owen Connelly, for inj uries sustained 
NV hiltlesey was Comptroller, and it was upon 
in discharging his duties as onc of the Capitol 
this question of mileage, at a called executive 
police, "a sum equal to the amount of his pay 
session. Mr. Whittlesey, as Comptroller of the 
from the time of his removal from office, 30th 
Treasury, refused to allow payments made by the 
April, 1849, to thc date of tho pusgage of the res- 
Secretary after they had been made. That being 
olution, $956 38. 
the only tilno that the power of the Senate over 
Under a resolution of February 21, 1856, an 
its owli contincrentfund was ever interfered with— 
anowance was made for the funeral expenses of' 
for the House of Representatives had always re- 
frained from doing so—upon the motion of one of Michael Dooley, late superintendent of the fold- 
ing room, and three months' salary from thc day 
the best lawyers that cver had a scat upon the 
floor, not now a member, Hon. Mr. Badger, of Of-his death, paid to his widow, $525. 
Under a rcsolution of January 14, 1859, since 
North Carolina, thig amendment was inserted in 
Mr. Medill has been Comptroller, there was al- 
the appropriation bill: 
lowed to the representatives of J. F. Morton, late 
there was paid. out of the„contingen-L- fund md 
allowed b} Elisha , Whi!tleseyj., 
Hon. D. R. Atchison, 6' the between 
the amount he has already received as Ptesident 
pro tempore and the compensation •of Vice-Presi- 
dent;" and under resolution of December 1851855, 
there was paid out of the contingent fund, sand 
allowed by Mr. Whittlesey, as Comptroller, to 
Hon. JEssc D. BRIGHT, ,tbe difference between 
the amount now received by him and thecompen- 
sation of Vice President. " 
I have read a few of these cases. l: will state 
further, that from this very contingent fund, since 
the passage of this law, there has been pepeatedly 
paid to the Secretary himself, and to his clerks 
under him, donations amounting to as much as 
$500; and I have never heard, nor has it been inti- 
mated, that in a single a question- has 
been put to Mr. Medill, or anybody else on God 's 
earth, to know whether the Senate could protect 
its ox,vn omcer in executing its own orders. 
Sir, if the resolution ordering this payment to 
be made is not right, repeal it, rescind it; but do 
not let it stand upon your records as a mandate to 
your officer, and then let Mr. Medill, or anybody 
else in any of thc Departments, come up and tell 
your officer not to obey your order, but to obey 
his. And, sir, let me ask the Senato-=if they have 
been suddenly taken, they or their officers, with 
such a fib of constitutional scruple—is this the case 
and the instance in which to apply it? You have 
made such payments to your own members, to 
your Presiding Oflicers, to the families of your 
deceased members. You have made them over 
and over again, unquestioned by anybody; and 
now, sir, when there is a solitary widow, whose 
honored husband—one of the most honored that 
ever had a seat on this floor, of whom Mr. Ben- 
ton said (an'd I remember it, and shall never for- 
get his culogy). that he was a man who never 
encountered a form of l')uman wretchedness with- 
oat melting into tenderness before it; nor an.ap- 
parition pf earthly danger without bidding it de- 
fiance. Now, sir, when the widow of one of our 
colleagues on this floor comes to the' Senate, and 
the Senate, under a sense of justice, or an impulse 
of generosity it may be, havc ordered that this 
money should be paid to her, and the order stands 
peremptory, I ask you if it is a time. to bring your 
constitutional scruples to bear in the case of this 
lone widow, whose husband and eight of her nine 
chi}dren have preceded her to the grave? Now, 
in hcr old age, in her loneliness and her desola- 
tion, she stands here in her poverty, asking you 
to execute your own order in hcr behalf; and you 
are taken with a fit of constitutional scruples, and 
have to send up to the other end of the avenue, 
to Mr. Medill, or somebody else, God knows 
who, I do not care; and he tells you that your 
Secretary cannot execute your own orders—or- 
ders that you hayc been in the habit of making 
years and years; and he tells you that if the pay- 
ment is made, he will not allow it. Sir, I believe 
that there was a day when, if such a letter as that 
wvas sent to any officer df this body it would 
have been treated, as I think it ought to be, as a 
contempt, a contempt of the body; and the body 
ought to vindicato itself with all Its constitutional 
powcr against such an impertinent interference by 
this executive omcer. 
Sir, the House of Representatives have never 
questioned the propriety ofany disposition that we 
madc of our contingent fund,and wenever have in 
regard to theirs; and the Government has gone on. 
It was supposed that this fund might be safely 
trusted to the judgment and discretion of the difl 
pretation of the third section 01' the act cntitled'• An Act a one quarter's salary and $150 for ferent bra!'lches; and it is a new thing for an ex- 
funeral cxpcnscs, amountino to '{$450. By resolu 
- ecutive officer of this Government to come in to 
allowio«r coin pensat.ion to the nzcrnbers oftlje Senate, [nein- 
berg of the House of Representatives ot'the United States, tion of' May 3, 1848, there was paid to the widow \ i direct it. Sir, does the Secretary, or anybody 
and to the I)elegätes of tbc Territories, and repealing all 
of Hon. Chester Ashley, of Arkansas, from the I else, suppose that this Senate and this Congress 
other laws on that subject' approved 22d January, 1818, 
" balance due at the time 
will not protect its executive offcers in carrying 
contingent ft-l nd, tho 
ail certificates which havc heen or illay be granted by the 
Presiding Officer of the Scnatc and House of Representa- of his death for per diem compensation and mile- , 
out its own orders? No, sir. 
I am compelled 
t.ivcs respectivefy to the atnount of compensation due to acyc." There were various other orders of that 
to believe—I shall not say what—but I was about 
the knellibers of their several Houses, and to such Dele- 
sort made—in the casc of Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Ei- to say that I was compelled to believe that other 
gates, are and ourrlit to he, deerned, held, and taken, and 
more, and Mr. Clay. But, sir, I call the atten- 
feelings than those of constitutional scruples min- 
arc hereby declared, to be, conclusive upon all t.he De- 
partmcnts and officers of the Governznent of the Unfted tion of the Senate now to a more extraordinary gled with the extraordinary neglect and delay 
one still, which has been repeated. Under a which have marked this course of your offcers. 
States.' 
I close with a motion that the resolution, •and 
Thus, sir, in the only instance in which the right resolution of March 3, 1845, thcrc was paid to 
of the E,ody was qucstioned, Congress promptly Hon. W. P. Mangum, thc difförence between 
the lotter of the Secretary of the Senate, and what 
I consider the very impertinent letter of Mr. Me- 
the saiary of Vice President and the. arnount rc 
stepped in and declared that the decision of the 
Presiding Officer of this body should forever be i ceived bv him as Senator, and the additional pay 
i as President pro tenvpore,' 
out of the contingent 
conclusive upon all the officers of the Govern- 
fund of the Senate, and after this law that I have 
ment. Whether this order comes dircctly within 
the purview of that provision, I am not now to I read. Under a resolution of December 7, 1854, 
dill, be referred to the Committee to Audit and 
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate. 
Mr. BAYARD. i do not purpose now to enter 
into any detailed reply to the remarks of the hon- 
