1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBL 
refuse, and it was refused; and, finally, at the last 
hour, I think within ten or fifteen minutes of the 
inauguration of MI', Buchanan, we agreed to pay 
the money, provided the members of the House 
would deliver the books up to some library in 
their district. We would not permit them to have 
it. We defied the House for two years on that 
ques'tion; and now the House has wisely defied 
us on tbe same question. We had a long debate 
on this subject, m reference, I think, to auditing 
the account of the last C.Ierk of the House of Rep- 
resentatives, (Mr. Cullom;) and we have put pro- 
vision after provision, since I havé been in the 
Senate, into appropriation and other bills, that 
neither House should charge upon its contingent 
fund any of these things; and now there—— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Ohio will pause. The Chair must call up the 
special order at this hour. 
Mr. PUGH. I shall be through, if the Senate 
will permit me a few minutes longer. Go on." 
Here, then, is our own legislation designed to 
prevent these very things; and because an exec- 
utive officer obeys the law of the land, and per: 
forms his duty, Senators rise up here to say of 
him, behind his back, what they would not dare 
to say to his face elsewhere. 
JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Byunanimouscon- 
sent the Senator from Tennessee can proceed. 
The hour has arrived for the consideration of the 
special order. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 shall only 
consume a few minutes. Irise for the purpose of 
saying a word or two in _justification of the Sec- 
retary of the Senate and of the pay clerk. 
It 
seems to me that they have been unnecessarily 
attacked in the discussion upon this resolution. 
It is always best to understand the facts as they 
are. Now, what are the facts in this case ? 
In the first place a resolution was passed here, 
directing the payment ofa certain sum of money 
out of the contingent fund, which was understood 
to be constructive mileage, to Dr. Linn's widow. 
We all remember the circumstances under which 
that resolution passed, without much investiga- 
tion, and in fact, upon an Appeal to the sympathy 
of the Senate. 
I shall not go into it now; but I 
mnmber the circumstances. The resolution was 
passed, and went to the Secretary of the Senate. 
He was anxious, and more than willing, if the 
law would permit, to comply with the direction 
of the resolution; but when the resolution passed, 
there was no contingent fund out of which the 
money could have been paid, even if the Iaq.v had 
authorized it to be paid. Before there was an 
appropriation, the Secretary was desired to draw 
an acceptance of the amount; and he mani-fested 
every disposition to accommodate the parties, to 
my own knowledge. Both the Secretary of the 
Senate and the pay clerk, Mr. FitzpatMck, put 
themselves to great trou bie ; and as chairman of the 
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent 
Expenses of the Senate, I put myself to trouble, 
because 111 y sympathies and feelings were with 
the parties. I was anxious that they should have 
I went myself to the t 
the money, if it was due. 
Secretary and to the pay clerk, and endeavored 
to have the matter arranged. On examination, 
however, the conclusion was arrived at that the 
law did not authorize the Senate, by a simple res- 
olution, to use the contingent fund for such a pay- 
ment. Upon reference to the law, it was found 
that it specified the purposes to which thc contin- 
gent fupd should be applied and appropriated. 
For the purpose of getting around this difficulty, 
the Secretary of the Senate, in making up his es- 
timate of the appropriations required for the ex- 
penditures out of the contingent fund, made out 
this item; he submitted it to the Committee On 
Finance; and that committee were willing that it 
should go inlo the appropriation bill; and it was 
It went to the House of 
put in by the Senate. 
Representatives for their concurrence, and they 
struck it out of the bill, and refused to appropri- 
ate the money to carry out the order of the Senate. 
Is not this clear and conclusive that Congress 
did not choose to appropriate the money? I think 
he has done his duty. knowebe was anxious, 
more than anxious to accommodate the parties, 
if the jaw would authorize it to be done. I know 
what were the feelings of himself and. the pay 
clerk. My sympathies and my feelings were with 
them; but I thought then, and think now, that the 
law authorized no such thing; for the Constitu- 
tion is clear that no money shall be drawn from 
the Treasury but in consequence of appropria- 
tions made by law, and here was an attempt to 
appropriate, and Congress positively refused to 
Is it not 
appropriate the specific sum asked for. 
clear t Congress did not intend to pay it? I 
merely anted to say this much in justification 
of the Secretary of the Senate and of the pay clerk. 
They did their duty, and•their whole duty, as my 
personal knowledge and cognizance of the facts 
authorize me to say. I have as much sympathy 
with the parties as anybody has, and would go 
as far to oblige -them; but these gentlemen have 
discharged their duty, and done it faithfully. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 rec- 
ollect something of what was said when the ap- 
propriation was refused to be made at the last 
session. It was supposed by all parties, so far as 
I recollect, that the resolution of the Senate was 
competent itself to entitle the grantee to the money 
if there had been any money in thc contingent 
fund; but that was exhausted ; and when theappro- 
priation was refused here, and when it was under 
debatc, it was said: Mrs. Linn must wait; the 
oxler is good; let her wait until there is money 
in the contingent fund, and then it will be. paid 
That x.vas repeated over and often. My recollec- 
tion is distinct about that. " Whenever there is 
an appropriation made for the contingent fund, 
and there is money there to pay it, then she can 
obtain the money;" that is what was said; and 
it was said often by those who resisted the put- 
ting of that sum in the appropriation bill. 
'There are some things, Mr. President, which 
we must do, and do quiqkly; and, in order that 
we may repent afterwards, we must go through 
with them when we begin. You have granted to 
this old lady the payment of a certain sum of 
money out of the contingent fund. She, relying 
upon that order and all that passed here, has 
encumbered herself by borrowing monev to the 
amount. And now, upon some scruples arising 
as to your authority to pass the order, she is to 
be refused the money Your bounty, if you 
please to call it so, your decision on a matter of 
law, if you choose to consider it so, has been very 
ruinous to her, indeed, if she is to be dealt with, 
and the resolution is to be dealt with, in this way. 
We have embarrassed instead of benefiting her. 
VVhat was it that the Senate decided, and what 
is the, report of the Secretary of the Senate? He 
says that Mr. Linn had nothing due him. He 
says that he received his pay—all that any Sena- 
tor received. The Senate was perfectly apprised 
of that when they passed this order. The Sena- 
tors had not received the constructive mileage; 
but a case having afterwards occurred in which 
Senators did receive it—all of us pretty nearly— 
upon a construction put by the Presidinz Offcer 
of tl)is House, it led the way to an -application 
by Mrs. Linn's friends that her husband, then 
dead, should be allowed constructive mileage for 
some anterior session, and the Senate decided 
It was evasion, then, 
that she should have it. 
it seems to me, with great respect, a mere eva- 
Sion of thc order, to say there was nothing due 
to Senator Linn. There w'as nothing due to him 
unless he should have constructive mileage, and 
that the very thing that you intended to de- 
cide thane should have. This body ordered this 
payment of constructive mileage to Dr. Linn 's 
widow, the Presiding Officer of the Senate having 
decided that a subsequent Senate was entitled to 
it; and it having been paid, you having enforced i 
the payment by law, and thc Secretary who had 
paid it having been indemnified for it, and the Sec- 
retary would have been indemnified, if he had paid 
this money. Thore is no doubt, of it. The case 
Now, -sir, I-think we retreat from-rour,• 
act in this. way; we cannot retreat,from anetæO;f 
which the:parties have bad,the 
ment, and, then leave them Lo all the consequences 
and, embarrassments that will result. from our, 
error. Money has been appropriated- to the eon" 
tingent fund, as I understand; kt is in;the control' 
of the Senate under this very law, and your: power: 
in using and applying is only limited by the 
section which has been read; but Lwill read it' 
a Cam: 
No part of the appropriations which maybe at anytime 
made for the contingent expenses of either House Of Con. 
gress. 
The appropriation is made for- both Housesof 
Congress; but neither House shall be allowed to 
apply it " to any other than the ordinary expend- 
itures of the Senate and Hause of Representatives, 
nor as extra allowance. to any clerk, messenger," 
&c. This is alirßitat_ion upon. your power. Oth- 
erwise, as : soon as. the appropriation •had been 
made for the contingent expenses, the Senate•had 
the right to determine, without limit; how that 
money should bedpplied, and w.hat should be coh— 
sidered as coming writdiinthe term contingent ex- 
penses." But hero isa limitation upon it; it shall 
be applied to the. expenses. ot the one or: th.e other 
of the Houses of Cöngress—the ordinary expend- 
What are " the ordinary expenditures" 
of the Senate? The payment of its members is 
the most take it; and whether they 
shall be entitled). for this session or, that session, 
to mileage, or actual ,.is a question.for 
the Senate, left by law. Senators have not 
been in the habit ef taking this constructive mile- 
aze ; but you to construe•that law.r,.anå 
if you this:to be within the ordinary 
expenditures of the Senate, the Senate had the 
right so to decidb>and! the Secretary was bound 
to pay it, if-there. was:money enough in the con- 
tingent fund to pay it.. That is-the plain, reading 
of the law. That is a course of practice consist}- 
ent with the dignity-of the Senate. 
If the Senate say:it has beervapplied. to objpcts. 
within the limits of.the law,who shall question that?• 
We should have to:gobefore the Comptroller and 
before our own offeer, at this rate, to argue andi 
to vindicate every. application we make of the- 
money. All the. appropriation yequired by law 
has already: made—that is,.an appropriation: 
to the contingent fund—and if N,'.e should direct; 
extra mileage or constructive mileage to be paid,. 
our order to that offect„unlcss. there is somebody: 
who can question: our decision on thåt point, , 
makes it become, part' of the ordinary. expenses: 
of the Senate. The only question, is:this:: is„the• 
payment of extrae mileage within the construction; 
of the Senate? D.oesåt'depend.upon their. con— 
struction? May they decide it? Unquestionably: 
they may. Who, is. there to. questiom it.?. one: 
who preceded that 
it was the fair and; proper construction.. An act, 
of Congress has since said. that that constructionu 
shall be given no, more > and. think. very jpstl$r 
and properly; but until that repealing clause„ It: 
might have been given. 
Now, sir, recurring undéra• 
vious law. Them Senate, decided. it; the Senate 
resolved that this;money shouldbe paidf•, and the 
person in you resolVed'it shouid be 
paid, relying om your order„has borrowed the 
Inoney, and is nCw,- a debtor: iO unless this 
amount be actmlly paid. by your offcer. Is this 
the position for us Ito F:' we have com- 
mitted an best w.ay to get out of 
it? Let us pay the money and repent of what 
have done, and dO:so That is the only • 
way to escape like seems to me..frorn i 
the error into whichiwe have got;sand I thinkthut 
is an argument that wilk be conclusive: vith my 
friend from PUGH..] 
Mr. is ull L liavet to; say 0m the. 
do not; appeal to gentlemen's 
subject. 
thies; I only facts•of teh.e case.. 
a venerable old l!hd-.y, to Ibe sure; but L 
she would not dksii•e, any. appeal to made -fo 
carried up to the Comptroller, has been an antici- you on that scorem She has been very for 
pated case—a moot question: " Now, if I pay i the bountiful spirit, no.doubt, in -w.hléh_ this reso- 
did not intend to pay this money, that Congress this, will you allow the account)" 
lution was first she will have occa- 
. —not an actual 
did not recognize the act of the Senate as being case; not a case of an actual payment and a pre- 
Sion to regard it as a benefit, if: she is now to be 
legal? Now, why should the Secretary of the sentation by the officer to be allÖwed credit for it; 
kept ou t of the money; because bem made 
Sénate be held up to censure before the country, but. a case mooted between the different officers, 
a debtor for $3,000 of. the money, that been 
because he would not pay an amount which the and out of these consultations comes an objection expended in the she 
law did not uuthorjze to be paid, when Congress k! to complying with thc order of the Senate. 
is left in old age beyond- the- hope of other 
