702 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
meåns. I believe that is her situation.- told 
it-iss by an authority upon whom I perfectly rely. 
What we have done Ihay have been wrong; but 
if it is, Ithink we had better pay up and conclude 
this matter at once; settle according to the error, 
and be done With and do so no more. 
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to continue the 
debate, but simply to read an extract from th'e 
Journal of the Senate, which is very material in 
the view of the Senator from Kentucky, as an 
evidence of the motives and reasons that influence 
legislative bodies. I do not •know ,whatwas said 
or-commonly talked about. I suppose the reports 
will show it if it was said publicly; butl do know 
the story the Journal tells. On page 488 of the 
Journal it appears that— 
Mr., FÉSSENDEN, from the Committee on Finance, to 
whom were referred the amendments of the Senate to the 
bill- of the House of Rcprcsentativcs (No. 499) to supply de- 
ficiencies ili the appropriations for the service of the fiscal 
year ending the 30th of June, 1860, disagreed to by the 
House, and thc amendments of the House of Representä- 
tives to other amendments of the Senate to the said bill, 
reported thereon. 
"'l'he Senate proceeded to consider thc amendments of 
the Hbuse of Representatives to the second and third 
amendments of the Senate to the said bill ; and 
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, 
Resolved, That the Senate concur in the said amend- 
ments. 
The Senate proceeded to consider its fourth amend- 
ment to the said bill disagreed to by the House of Repre- 
sentatives, as follows, insert: 
To enable the Secretary of theu Senate to comply with 
the" Senate's resolution of the 20th of March, 1860, in rela- 
tion to mileage to be paid to Més. A. Linn, widdw of 
the late Senator Lewis F. Linn, $2,672, 
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, that the Senate recede 
fröin,its said amendment, 
It Was determined in the affirmative—yeas 37, nays 8. 
It seems to me, therefore, that the action of the 
Senate, appearino• on its Journal, shows that it 
intended that the money should be paid by a spe- 
cific appropriation. T] te original resolution was 
passed, as many are, introduced without objcc- 
tion; by unanimous consent, as it is called, no at- 
tention called to it; and the day it was introduced, it 
was passed by the Senate—being a mere order of 
this body alone. Subsequently thc Committee on 
Finance reported the amendment I have read, 
being desirous of giving effect, to the order ac- 
cording to law. The House of Representatives 
saw fit to reject the amendrncnt, and when the 
question came to the Senate they assented to the 
decision of the Housc of Representatives, on the 
yeas and nays, b 37 to 8. 
Mr. HUNTEÆ. As my name has been. con- 
nected with this matter, will say a word. I had 
a communication with Mr. Fitzpatrick on the 
subject. I wrote no letter about it; but it seems I 
t,old \bim that I supposed it was compulsory on 
tl'ie officers of tho Senate to comply with the or- 
derg of the Senate; but after an examination of 
the question, the Committee on Finance thought 
differently, nnd the anNl)dment which has bccn 
rcferrcd to was introduced by the Finance Com- 
mittce, showing clearly that they thought it rc- 
quircd an appropriation in order to legalize it. 
1 
have not lookcd at the yeas and nays; but I ex- 
pect I was one of' those who voted to tcccde even 
from tl'1Qt amendrnent. 
Mr, G WIN. I hope the Senate will take up 
the Indian appropriation bill now. It was made 
the special order for one Q 'clock. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on 
the motion to refer the resolution of the Senator 
from New Ham the letter of thc Secretary, 
and the communication of the Comptroller, to the 
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent 
Expenses of the Scnatc. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MESSAGE FROM TliF, IIOÜSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAYS, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 268) 
for the relief of' Mary K. Guthrie, widow of Pres- 
. ey N. Guthrie, 
The message further announced that the House 
had passed the following bills and joint resolu- 
tions, in which the concurronce Of th'e Senate was 
requested : 
A bill (No. 896) for the relief of D. D. Har- 
A bill (No. 972) authorizing a loan; and 
A joint resolution ('No, 5) authorizing the 
proper accounting of the Treasury to re- 
vise and adjust the accounts of John Randolph 
Clay, United States minister to Peru. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The message further announced that the Speaker 
of the House had signed the following enrolled 
A bili (H. R. No. 919) for the relief of F. M. 
Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townsend; 
A bill (H. R. No. 670) granting an invalid 
pension to William G. Bernard, late. a soldier in 
the United States Army; and 
A bill (S. No. 64) to authorize the extension 
and use of a branch of the Alexandria, Loudoun, 
and Hampshire railroad writhin the city of Ge •ge- 
town. 
INDIAN, APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, 
resumcd the consideration of thc bill (H. R. 865) 
making appropriations for the current and con- 
tingent expenses of the Indian department and 
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In- 
dian tribes for the year ending Junc 30, 1862. 
Mr. FITCH, 1 am directed by the Committee 
on Indian Affairs to offer the following amend- 
ment, to come in on page 27, line six hundred and 
thirty-three, after the appropriations in the bill for 
the Pottawatomies: 
For reappropriation of this amount due the Pottawato- 
mies of Indiana, the Pottawatomies of the Prairie, the Pot- 
tawatomics of Washbash, included in tbc warrant No. 19 
of the War Department, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 
1847, being balances of appropriations to fulfill treaty stip- 
ulations for paynent of annuities, carried to- the surpfus 
fund, 60, to bg paid to the said Indians during the 
current [iscai year. 
It will be perceived by the Senate that this is a 
mere reappropriation of money which has been 
carried to the surplus fund from the ordinary an- 
nuities payable to Indians. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. followingamend- 
ment, recommended by the Department, to be 
added to the bill: 
For pay:nent to A, J. Campbell, son of Scott Campbell, 
noxv deceased, in filll consideration of the money stipulated 
to be paid and 
land confirlned to said Scott ill 
the original draft of the treaty with thc Sioux. of the '29th 
o? Septernber, 1837, (the ninth clause of the sceond article, 
&c.,) $10,000. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 should like to have a 
factory explanation of this. 
As I understand, by 
a treaty of ancient date, there were two articles, 
one for the payment of an annuity to Scott Camp- 
bell, and the other for a reservation of five hun- 
dred acres of land; but it seems that the Senate, 
in the ratification of that treaty, struck out these 
two items. Now, after the lapse of thirty-four 
years, we are asked t.o appropriate $10,000 to 
satisfy the son of Scott Campbell. That is as 
rnuch as know about it; -and on that statement 
of facts, it seems to me there is hardly enough to 
authorize. the payment of the amount. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Mary- 
land is very widely mistaken as to the facts of 
the case; and when I recapitulate them to the Sen- 
ate, they will see that it occupies a very differ- 
ent attitude frorn that which he has ascribed to 
it. The age of the claim, so far from being th irty- 
four yenrs, is onlyfrom 1837 to 1858—twcnty-one 
years; the claim bcing continually pressed all thc 
time by the Sioux Indians in all their different 
councils held with the United States. 
In brief, 
the history of {hc claim is this: in 1837, a pro- 
vision was made for the personal benefit of an old 
settler, trader, and agent arnong the Sioux, Scott 
Campbell, by which lhc United States agreed to 
guaranty him an annuity of $450, payable for 
twenty years, and to confirm him in a tract of five 
hundred acres of land. This provision of tbc 
treaty was stricken out, imagine, under tlVoree 
of what was known as Mr. Calhoun's resolution 
of that day, by which all personal provisions 
were invariably stricken out of the Indian treaties. 
'Ilhe debt, however, remains; the moral obligation 
and the consideration which prompted it remain, 
although the Senate, to adhere to its rules, struck 
out these provisions in the treaty. Then, in 1858, 
only a little more than two years since, when 
these same Indians came to treat with the United 
I States acyain, they insisted upon this old debt, 
this old stipulation of the treaty, which they said 
had not been complied with by the United States, 
and they alleoed that is x.vas onc of the movine• 
considerations for the formation of the treaty of 
1837; and that when the Ül'lited States Senate 
struck it out of the ratification of the treaty, the 
conserj t or approbation of the Indians to this alter- 
ation of the treaty was not given. The alteration 
was made by the sole act of the United States, 
having never been submitted to the India.ns, and 
they said it never had their assent. Of course 
the debt stood just where it stood originally at 
the date of the treaty of 1837, forming a part of 
the consideration, one of the prompting motives 
for the negotiation of that treaty. In 1858, bv 
article nine of the treaty of that year, they speak 
as follows of it—and the Senato will see precisely 
the condition which this debt occupies now, its 
legal position: . 
ART. 9. As the Senate strtlck from the treaty with the 
Mendawakanton band of Sioux of the 29th day of Septem- 
her, 1837, the ninth clause of the second article, and the 
whole of the third article of said treaty, which provided 
for the payment of four hundred and fifty (450) dollars an- 
nually, for twenty years, to Scott Campbell, and confirmed 
to the said Scott Campbell a title to five hundred (500) acres 
of land which he. then occupied, said payment. and land 
being deerned by said Indians to form a part of the consid- 
eration tor whie.h they ceded to-the United States a ccrtain 
tract of land in said treaty specified, which reduction in 
the consideration iör said land has never bccn sanctionöd 
by said Indians, the said Mendawakanton and Wahpakoota 
bai)ds now request that provision be made for the payment 
ofthc sunl often thousand (10,000) dollars to A. J. Campbell, 
the son of' said Scott Calnpbell, now decease(i, in fuli con- 
sideration of the lnoney stipulated to be paid and land con- 
finned to said Scott Campbell in the original draft of said 
treaty aforesaid; which subject is hereby submitted to the 
Senate tor its favorable consideration." 
This entire treaty, with the recommendation at 
the close of it, was confirmed, in 1858, by the Uni- 
ted States Senate, without this article being qual- 
ified, amended, or stricken out. 
It is therefore a 
part of the law of the land for whatever it is worth. 
It clearly acknowledges the facts upon which the 
debt is created; it recites them, and makes them 
conclusive; and refers the question of its favor- 
able consideration to the Senate of the United 
States. 
Now, sir, when this question was being con- 
sidered before the Committee on Finance, (if it is 
allowable in me to refer to my knowledge of its 
consideration there,) us well as before the Com- 
lüittee on Indian Aflhirs, the only question was, 
not as to the validity of the debt, but whether the 
past action of the United States Senate, in ratifying 
this treaty, had made it conclusive, so that it should 
be considered as a subsisting debt under existing 
treaties of the United States. It is recommended 
to the favorable consideration ofthc Senate. This 
is an agreement between the President of the Uni- 
ted States and the Indian tribe. When, therefore, 
the Senate ratified the treaty with the stipulation 
in it, did not objeet to it, did not qualify it, did not 
strike it out, I consider that the subject is fairly 
before the Senate. The form of the amendment 
which has been sent to the Secretary's table ob- 
viateS all contrariety of opinion as to the question 
whether it isa debt or not; for, although I believe 
that ratification of the treaty by the Senate was a 
favorable action upon it, an indorsement of its 
validity, yet that amendment, which was not read 
th rough because of the interruption of the Senator 
from Maryland, provides for that very case, that 
the decision of the Senate shall be regarded as a 
full compliance with the terms of the•treaty; and 
fu rthermore, when the Senate votes upon that, 
according to the last and the strictest letter of the 
treaty, there will be the favorable action of the 
Senate. I think it has received, already, the very 
highest sanction which the Senate could give it: 
because if its reforence here refers to the Senate 
as a part of the executive department, it has given 
a vote ratifyil')g it by two thirds; if it refers to it 
as a separate body of Congress, or as a part of the 
legislative department of the Government, then it 
can ffive its sanction now by a vote to which a 
majority only is necessary to give it validity; so 
that it bas already received tl'le very highest sanc- 
tion Qfthe Senate in that form of proceeding which 
requires the highest majority; and think it has 
complied literally with the terms of the treaty. 
Mr. G WIN. Is not this a private claim? It 
seems to me it is a private claim in favor of an 
individual; and therefore the rule prohibits it. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from cali- 
fornia wiH allow me to say that the fact that an 
appropriation of money is proposed for an indi- 
vidual alone, or for an association, or company 
of individuals, does not constitute it a private 
claim where it is due under an existing treaty or 
an existing law. A private claim has always been 
decided, by the concurrent voice of different oc- 
cupants of the chair, to be a case where the bene- 
