1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
703 
fits of it went to an individual or to a company of 
individuals, and Avhere it required the acti0ß0f 
Congress to make that a debt which before '.vas 
only claim; but where it is due. under treaty or 
an existing law, and is a clear debt, it makes no 
difference; ibis a debt of the Governmeot, whether 
it goes to one individual, or to a department of the 
Government, to the Army, or to thc Navy; and 
those have always been ruled as coming within 
the rule of the Senate authorizing amendments to 
be inserted on money bills. 
Mr. PEARCE. I think the objection made by 
the Senator from California is well taken. This 
is not a debt established by law or by treaty. 
The ninth article of the treaty of 1858, which the 
Senator read, docs nothlng but provide that the 
subject-matter of this claixn shall be referred to 
thc'Senate for its adjudication. Ifthe Senate had 
adjudged that thie was rightfully due to Scott 
Campbell or Scott Campbell 's son , the case would 
be brought within the rule, as announced by t,he 
If the Senate had af- 
Senator from Arkansas. 
firmed, bv a separate resolution, as is ordinarilt 
the case tinder such circumstances, that this Siu 
of should be paid to Scott Campbell under 
the ninth article of the treaty, thcn the ciaim would 
have been made certain; but the Senate, by the 
ratification of the treaty of 1818, has done noth- 
ing more than this: to agree t.o the proposition of 
the ninth article, which is, that that claim shall be 
submitted to the Senate for its examination. The 
Senate have never adjud!ted it; and until they have 
adjudged it, it does not come under thc treaty or 
existing law. I think, therefore, the point of 
order made by the Senator from California is welt 
taken; and this is not such an amendment as can 
be madc in order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The Chair will ask that the amend- 
ment be again read. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN That is just what 1 was 
goino• to ask. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
For payrnent. to A. J. Campheii, tbe son of Scott Camp- 
bell, now dcceased, in full consideration of the money stip- 
uluted to bc paid aud land confirmed to said Scott Callip- 
ill the original draft. of the treaty with the Sioux of 
the 29th September, 1837, (the ninth clausa of tbe second 
article, &c.,) $10,000. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to 
should like to know 
of the treaty read again. 
whether this is an absolute debt,. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Let the Secretary read the 
ninth article of the treaty. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
ART. 9. As the Senate struck from the treaty with tho 
Mendawakanton band o? Sioux of thc 29th day "f' Septem- 
ber, 1837, the ninth clause. of the second arLict!.' and tbc 
whole of the third article 01' said treaty, wilieh provided for 
the payinent of four hundred alid fifty ($450) doilars arum- 
allv, twenty years, to Scott Campbell, and confirmed to 
the said Scott Calnpbell a title to five hundred (500) acres 
of land which he then occupied, said paymcut aud land 
being deepncd by said Indians to a part of tbc consid- 
eration 10t which they ceded to the United States a certain 
tract ot (and ill said treat v specified, •,vilich reduction, 
the consideration Ibr said-land, 
has never been sanctioned 
by said fndians, the said Meudawakat)tons and WV ahpa- 
koota bands nov.•' request that provision be made the 
payment of the gum of ten thousand (910,000) to A. 
.1. Ca:npbcll, the son of said Scott Campbell, now deceased, 
in full consideration of the 'noncy stipulated to be paid and 
land confirmed to said Scott in the original draft 
of said treaty aroresaid ; which subject is hereby submitted 
to the Senate [or its lhvorable consideration." 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole 
'I'he Secretary will 
amendment was not read. 
now read it. 
F17he Secretary read it, as follows: 
For payment to A. J. Campbell, the son of Scott Canu.)- 
, I. now dcceased, in full consideration of the money stip- 
ulat•ed to be paid and land confirmed to said Scott Camp- 
bell in the origiltal draft of the treaty with the Sioux of' the 
29th of Sepleinbcr, 1857, the paynmeut of which sum was 
subinit.ted to t.he Senate by the ninth article of the trea1Y 
of 19, 18.38, between the United States and the Men- 
dawa and VVah-pa-koot.a bands of Sioux Indians. 
and whirli surn the Senate werc of the opinion should be 
Mr. PEARCE. Has the Chair decided the 
point of order ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
derstands a qacstion of order to be raised whether 
the amendment comes under the rule. 
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir. 
'lthe PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no 
question that it is a private claim in its nature. 
to reflect upon the subject, he feels obliged to rule other amendment; i•ecomméhdéd annual 
the amendment out of order as not coming within report of the Secretary of the 'Interior and±thd 
the provisions of any existing treaty or of any I Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to: •be inserted 
existing law, subject, of course, to the reversal of as a new section: 
the Senate. 
Mr. RICE. The clause of thc treaty of 1837, 
alluded to, was stricken out by the Senate, and 
never submitted to the Indians. Now the ques- 
tion is, whether that clause in tho treaty of 1837 
is in force or not. The Senate ratified a portion 
of the treaty. A portion they refused to ratify, 
and never consulted the Indians in regard to it. 
" a bargain broken on 
It has often been said hero, 
If the Gov- 
one side is broken on both sides." 
crnment can make treaties with the Indians, and 
when they are brought here, the Senate can ratify 
a portion and not the balance, and not refer the 
portion stricken out back to the Indians, where is 
I contend that this 
the use of making treaties ? 
is carrying out the treaty of 1837, and that only. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless an 
peal be taken from the decision of the Chair, there 
is no question befbre the Senate. 
Mr. RICE. I take an appeal. 
v9nd. bc it further enacted, That for the relief Of destitute 
indians, and with a view of•preventing sunuri0g amopgtbe 
Indian tribes who have failed in raising crop$, from . the 
drouth of the last sununer, thére be appropriated the sum 
of $50,000: provided, That the amount' shall 
pended, if necessary, within tile present fiscal year. 
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know what 
Indian tribes are to have the benefit of this appro- 
priation? The IRnguEve is very general. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is not any 
tribe specifically, but to be applied to all those 
that come within the terms of the amendmén•t— 
that is, destitute Indians likely to starve or suffer 
from the failure of the crops upon the extreme 
urestern frontier of the United' States; which fail- 
ure, I believe, extends from Texas to the most 
northern tribes of the United States. It is gen- 
oral charitable fund, which will be disposed of 
and appropriated by the conimissioner whenever 
the necessit.ies and the exigencies of theuse may 
warrant its application. The 'amount that was 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
asked for by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs 
from Minnesota appeals from the decision of the 
was $100,000. The committee thought, in conse- 
Tl'he Chair has decided that the amend- I 
Chair. 
ment is not in order, it being a private clahn, and quence Of the Peculiar financial condition of the 
country, that they would reduce it one half. The 
not in pursuance of the provisions of an existino• 
fact of the destitution of many Indian tribes, es- 
treaty or of an existing law, and is excluded by pecially tbc small Indian tribes on the frontier, is 
the rule of t.l-)e Senate excluding private claims 
notorions—it is historical; and the Commissioner 
with those conditions. From this decision of the 
recommends an appropriation of this sort, as has 
Chair the Senator fron'l Minnesota appeols. 'l"he been (lone by Congress on two other occasions, 
question is: " Shall the ruling of the Chair stand I 
illustrations of which hc gives, in which Con- 
as tbc judgment of the Senate ? 
gress has, in times of scarcity and need of this 
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to say a word or two kind, come forward and made small appropria- 
on this point, as i was connected with this mat- q 
lions to relieve the Indians from the consequence 
ter in thc Conunit.tee on lüdian A {illii•s, and drafted 
of events over which they had not any control. 
I think tho One is the case, of the Florida Indians, in 1838, 
the latter part of that tunendment. 
ruling of the Chair is right, though was in 121 1832, also, the sum of $5,000 was appropriated 
favor of tho adoption of the amendment. 
to be cxpcnded among the Indians generally, 
treaty of 1837, it was provided that this person, 
without naming the tribes. This appropriation 
Campbell, should receive certain moneys, and 
ought to have been larger, hut for the fact that 
have a grant of i•and confirmed. When that treaty I the Chocta•vvs and the. Creeks will probably be 
was before t.he Senate, the Senate struck out that 
able, in consequence of other amendments to the 
In the treaty of 1858, there was a bill, to take care of themselves. 
It will leave the 
provision. 
provision that that matter should be referred again to bc appropriated among the small tribes 
'l'he Indians 
to t be Senate of thc United States. 
In K.ansas, Nebraska, and the Nonhwest. 
claimed that he should be allowed that moncy 
'The amendment was aTreed to. 
r I"he contracting parties, on the 
and that land. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, 1 now offer 
other sidD, said that he should not be allowed that 
two amendments, and will ask, for convenience, 
Inoney or that land, or at any rate they would I 
Lhat tllcy may be considered together. 'I'he one 
not allow that money or that land; but they did . 
amendincnt in favor of paying to John T. 
agree to ret•cr it to tl)C Senate of the United States. 
Jones, an Ottowa Indian, in Kansas, a certain 
The Senatc confirmed that treaty. Now, it. is 
claimed by one party, that the confirmation of alnountspecified in the amendment, forspoliations 
committed upon hin), which he is entitled to 
that treaty morel y made that. money a debt which i 
reparation from the Government under the six- 
we 01.ve to the Indians, and confirmed the grant 
tecnth section of the act of 1834. The other is a 
of land. take the other ground, that it did not 
claim of some twelve thousand dollars, in favor 
make t,he Inoncy adel)t, nor did it confirm the grant 
of the nation of the Ottowas and some thirty-six 
of land, but it sim.ply confirmed the am•eement 
individuals of that nation, for spoliations of the 
that we vjould refor it to l.ho Senate. That is the p 
same kind, occurring about the same priod, 1856, 
ao•reemcnt in the treaty. It was by that treaty 
during lhe.time of the political troubles in Kansas. 
to be to the Senate; and the Senate never 
The claims arc proven' beyond all contioversy. 
no debt has arisen; • 
Hence, 
have acted upon it. 
• 'l'hey have been investigated before the local agent 
and it now stands simply a ctaim, on the part of 
of the tribe, and estimated for by the Department; 
these Indians, that this agreetnent to refer should 
therefore they come under the condition of debts 
i drew the tunendment, so to Indians, under an existing law. The com- 
be carried out. 
II if the Senate choose. to vote upon it, 
should bc 
a confirmation of t hc debt and the Ian(.l under the 
inade that it is a 
treaty; but if I hc objection is 
private claim, I Inust. sustain thc Chair, 
a private (9,aim until acted upon by the Senate, 
and made a debt. 
Mr. RICE. withdraw appeal. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. send to the Chair the 
following arnendment, frorn thc Conunittee. on 
Indian Affairs, to be inserted as a new section: 
and be it Turt.hær enacted. "I'hat, there be paid to the (Jui- 
ted States agent. for thc WV ashitas, and other Indians in the 
couritry leased by the Choctaws to the United States, the 
annua\ salary of 91,500, from the date of the conunis;sion 
of the present inculnbent,. 
This amendrnent merely raises the salary of 
is tho last 
that agent from $1,000 to $1,500. 
inferior salary now 
ao•ent that is an 
under the Government; and that has be- 
con-le now one of first-nlass inns po rtance. 
Caped the attenlion of the committee Before, 
there was any ærent cast of the Rocky Mountains 
receiving less than $1 It morel y puts him on 
an equality with the balance. 
'The only question is, whether it is in pursuance 
of some existing law or treat v stipuiation. From I The amendment was agreed to. 
the opportenity the Chair has had to examine or I i M r. SEBAS'T.'IAN I. send to the Chair an- 
niittee have thought it proper to ask that both of 
them bc put upon the appropriation bill. One is 
fbr John T. Jones, separately; the other is of the 
san'le kind and class, but is for several individ- 
ua,ls of the Ottowa tribe, and the nation itself. 
The amcndmcnt is to insert at the end of the bill: 
'J'hat thcre shall be paid tinder the direction o? tho Com- 
missioner oflndian Affairs, out of any tnoney in the 'Treas- 
ury not otherwise appropriated, to John Jones, the sum 
of 86,700 (Or depreciations connnitted upon his property by 
white pers•oug•, tlvat being the amonrlt. adjudged by said 
Connnissioner to be the value of the property destroyed. 
SEC. — and be it .j•urrihe.r cnacted, 'l'hat. tile purpose 
of paying certain claims of certain men)bers o? the Ottowa 
tribe of Indians, and of a claim of that tribe in its 
capacity, presented to Congress at its present session, for 
depredations arising under tlie sLxteenth section of tlie " act 
to regulate trade and intercourse with Indian tribes, and to 
preserve peace on the frontiers," appvoved June 30, 1834, 
and under the treaty of 1830. there be, and is hereby, appro- 
p:-iated, out of an v inoneys the Treasury not otherwise 
appropriated, the suin o? 812.305 95. And the whole or such 
part of said claun.s a.s be proved to his satistaction, 
shall be adjustod and paid, uudor the direction of tbc Sec- 
interior nnder the rules and rezli!atiohs pre- 
retary tlle 
scribed h) said act: Provided. 'That it shall not be incurn- 
. bellt on the parties claiü'kant, froin the pecu}iar condition of' 
afl?Lirs in the 'I'erritorv of Kansas at the time the spoliations 
were to show that the offenders appro- 
hended and brought to triaJ. 
