706 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
tain lands in Mississippi and received as a con- 
are-really •the best off of any people in the coun- 
sideration the lands west of Arkansas, reserving 
try anywhere, white or colored, of any descrip- 
certain other lands in Mississippi: These other 
tion—were to have,•by the terms of this treaty, 
lands, by a subsequent treaty, were to be sold, and 
all the great and valuable.territory that ••rvas con- 
the proceeds paid to them. This is my recollec- 
veyed to them by .the Government; have t.heir 
tion of it; and this inquiry is as to the amount of 
expenses paid for moving; several large reserva- 
the sales of this reserved land in Mississippi. An 
tions besides; and then, In addition to that, the 
award has been made. The Senator from Maine 
proceeds of every acre of land that was conveyed 
says ',ve are not bound by technical rules as indi- 
to the Government as a consideration for what 
viduals would bc on an arbitrament; that we can- 
they got west of the river. It does not strike me 
not be coerced. That is true; but there is a moral 
I do not believe it was ever intended. 
as just. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 shall not undertake to violate 
obligation as strong upon the Senate as upon an 
individual; and because the sheriff cannot come 
the injunctionofsecrecy,by saying in what manner 
and take us and put us in jail till we obey the writ, 
Indian treaties are generally ratified. I think that 
is no reason why the -moral obligation of honor 
is a sealed book, and I shall not undertake to 
If we have provided a 
should not influcncc us. 
penetrate it; but I will say this— 
mode for thc purpose of ascertaining the amount 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The had bettor 
due them, and that mode has been followed up, 
bring in vote of censure on me. 
and the amount ascertained and laid before the 
Mr. GREEN. Not at all. 
Department, 1 think there is a moral obligation 
Mr. FESSENDEN. He should not censure 
upon us to see that that is paid. Such I under- 
me by implication. 
stand to be the case in t.his instance; and I under- 
Mr. GREEN. I am speaking for myself; but 
stand further that the Department acknowledged 
I must protest against this idea that the condition 
it to the extent proposed by the amendment of the 
of the Treasury is to be a reason why we should 
Senator from Arkansas, and I think, therefore, 
not vote this claim. I think during this session 
we ought to allow it. 
more contradictory positions have been taken, 
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Missouri has 
with regard to claims, than ever heard before. 
evidently fallen into some errors in connection 
Honest creditors of the Government, who have 
with this claim. He says that this claim arises 
expended their means in its service, come and be(r 
from certain lands which were reserved to the 
for justice, and they cannot be heard. When their 
Choctaw Indians in Mississippi, the proceeds of 
clann is admitted to be just, they are put off with 
which are to be paid over by this award. The 
the plea that the Treasury is so empty that we 
Senator is entirely mistaken. Now, sir, I suppose 
are not able to pay; and when they have been kept 
therc is no member of this body who knows more 
here spending their money year after year for ten 
about this subject of the treaties in Mississippi 
or fifteen years, and at length you allow thc claim, 
than myself, fbr I was fora long time resident 
you say, we will not pay interest because the Gov- 
there. 
ernment is presumed at all times to be ready to 
Under thc treaty of 1820, the Choctaw nation 
pay it. Now, these are contradictory positions; 
one conflicts with the other; and I think, there- ccdcd a portion of their lands tb the United States, 
alid received in consideration a large tract of land 
fore, that the Senator from Maine is not right in 
west of the Mississippi river, the country they 
this, to interpose an objection becausc there is no 
now occupy; but they only got a possessory 
money— 
title to it, such as the Indians had in other terri- 
Mr. FESSENDEN. lhave not said a word 
tories of the United States, which had created a 
about that. 
great deal of difficulty. In 1830 a further treaty 
Mr. GREEN. Bat he is right in this; we ought 
was made, owing to the difficulty between thesc 
to go into the merits of the case. 
Indians and the govcrnmcnt of Mississippi; and 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator could not 
it became a very serious question whether there 
have attended to what I said. I have not said a 
would not be a collision between the United States 
word about there being no money in the Treasury. 
and the State of Mississippi on the subject. 
I confined myself entirely to the rnerits of the 
General Jackson sent his Secretary df MT ar to, 
question. 
make a treaty with these Indians. Knowing the 
Mr. GREEN. 1 understood the Senator to 
difficulty between the United States and the people 
commence his remarks by saying he was opposed 
of Mississippi, having shrewd and able men as 
to it in the regent condition of the country. 
Mr. FE{ENDEN. Not at nil. 
their chiefs, these Indians demanded for the ces- 
Sion of the balance of their country, not only 
Mr. GREEN. If you did not make thosc rc- 
enormous grants for their chiefs, but a title in fee to 
marks* I am mistaken. I think you will find them 
the magnificent cmpire,a possessory title to which 
in the reporter's notes bcfore you. Whether that 
had been given them in 1820. They received a 
is so or not, those remarks have bccn made fre- 
patent—and were thc first tribe of Indians that 
quently, and I desirc at once to enter my protest 
against that process of reasoning. We either 
over did, so far as my knowledge extends—for 
millions upon millions of acres of land morc than 
If we have 
have Governlnent, or wc have not. 
they ceded to the United States in 1830. Not 
Governinent, that. Goverrnnent must do justicc. 
only that, Mr. President, but they have sold a 
If the Government is not ablo now to pay, it does 
portion of this very land to the Chickasaws, and 
not prevent them from Inaking the allowance, 
received five hundred and forty or five hundred 
and it in a legal Corin,so that '.vhen wc do 
and fifty tl')ousand dollars for it. Thcy have sold a 
Tet thc moncy, they can draw it without coming 
portion to the United States, and received $600,000 
here and petitioning and begging and prayincr 
it. Under the treaty of 1820, there wcre• rc- 
Congress to do what Congress ought at once to 
scrved hundreds of thousands of acres to those 
do—pay your debts; acknowledge your debts. 
ff a man is poor, it does not prevent him from li who chose to remain on the laud which was then 
being honest. Ifthe Government is without funds receded. They were given the land they lived 
upon. Magnificent provision was made for thc 
in the Treasury, they can still make the appro- 
priat.ion, and provide the ways and means for orphans. The lands reserved for them were some 
It will raise the credit of your Gov- of the best in Mississippi, and gold for enormous 
paytnent. 
crnment; and if you have to go into market to sunris of money. There never was a treaty undcr 
which the Indians received such benefits as the 
sell your bonds, you will sell them higher show- 
ing that you are determined to do justice to all; Choctaws did under the treaty of 1820. Subse- 
but if you turn off all, and do justice to none, quent disputes arose, and numerous acts of Con- 
you go into Wall street and undertake to nego- gress have been passed proyiding for protecting 
t.iato a loan, you will fincrthat the money brokers the Indians in cases where their lands had been 
will be unwilling to trust you; and they ought to 
I will vote taxes; I will vote duties; I will 
be. 
vote a loan. I want the Government to keep up 
its honor and its character; and adequatc means 
for that purpose I am at all times ready to vote, 
provided you will do justice; but without that I 
Bhali not do it. 
Now, as respects this claim, I can only say this: 
the liltie attention I have paid to it is in conse- 
quence of the remarks of the Senator from Ark- 
I view it a. little differently from the Sen- 
ansas, 
taken away from them, and in those cases scrip 
wus issued to them under thc fourteenth and other 
articles of this treaty. 
was for many years a citizen of Mississippi; 
and I never heard it whispered by any man, until 
very recently, that there was a shadow of claim 
in the Choctaws for the proceeds of the sales of 
I those lands. Enormous grants ivere given to 
I them. Their chicfk were given principalities; and 
I all the heads of families that chose to remain there 
were given land. The years 1834, 1835, 1836, 
My recollection is, that there 1837, were a great speculative era in the history 
ator from Maine. 
was a treilty Inade by which they relinquished cer- of this country in the purchase of public lands; 
and under that speculation in the public lands, a 
vast amount of these lands was sold at $1 25 per 
acre; The money was paid into the Treasury Of 
the United States, and It was distributed out of 
the Treasury to the several States. That money 
is not in' the Treasury. This is a claim for money 
that was paid into the Treasury more than a quai•- 
ter of' a century ago, and given away to the sev- 
eral States in the Confederacy. It is not in the 
Treasury now, nor has it been there for a quarter 
ofa century. 
This case-is not similar to that of the Chicka- 
saws, who were allowed the whole proceeds of the 
sales of their lands. The Chickasaws had no 
country to go to; no magnificent empire, as I may 
call it, considering the number of persons that then 
composed the tribe, as the Choctaws had. The 
Chickasaws, having no country to go to, were given 
the whole proceeds of their lands in the State of 
Mississippi; but an important provision was put 
in there for the benefit of the people of that State, 
by which the lands were graduated and brought 
down to twelve and a half cents an acre; while 
the Choctaw lands were kept up until the settle- 
ments in the State should bring them into notice 
and sell them; and they were held up, until very 
recently, at $1 25 per acre. The proceeds of those 
lands must be upwards of $7 or $8,000,000. 
I have not looked into the figures at all; butl am 
certain the proceeds of the sales of the Choc= 
taw purchase made under the treaty of 1830 must 
be upwards of #7,000,000. The claim is gradu- 
ated. Last vear it was $2,300,000; this year it is 
$1,200,000; but I am confident the returns will 
show that the net proceeds over all expenditures 
amounted to $3,000,000, or in that neighborhood. 
AIE the proceeds of the sales of the Chickasaw 
lands were given to them for the reason I have 
stated—they had no country to go to. They went 
and bought a portion of the lands of the 
and gave them for the privilege of living 
there. These Chickasaws and Choctaws have 
since sold lands to the United States for which 
they have received for the 
Chactaws and for the Chicasaws. The 
United States paid that sum to them in order to 
obtain the privilege for the Washita and other 
Indians to occupy a portion of their country.. 
Sir, I undertake to say that you may take the 
treaty of 1820 and the treaty of 1830, and thei:e 
is not a provision in cither of thosc treaties that 
gives them a shadow of a claim to the proceeds 
of the public lands, within the cession of 1830, 
It is an enormous 
in the State of Mississippi. 
claim. It ought to be examined with a great deal 
of care and attention. So far as I am concerned, 
I never heard of any action of the Senate on the 
subject, although I was a member of the body 
unfil this matter was brought before the Finance 
Committee, a year ago.. I feel it•my duty to make 
this statement in connection with this Inatter-from 
the knowledge I have had of the affairs of those 
tribes of Indians heretofore, and also to sustain 
the netion of the Finance Committee in opposi- 
tion to this claim. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator 
from California says he feels it his duty to make. 
this statement to the Senate in connection with 
this matter. He also says that he has not looked 
into it at all; and 'therefore think he throws a 
shadow over all that he says, in that respect, when 
he makes an assault upon what is undoubtedly 
and undeniably the action of this Government 
under all the highest sanctions that can be thrown 
around it. That, I knöw, will not be disputed. 
I The Senator from California carries us back to the 
treaties of 1820 and 1830. What are we consid- 
ering now? It is proposed that we shall make an 
appropriation m accordance With the exact terms 
of a treaty entered into under the fult authority 
of this Government, and maturely* considered by 
this Senate in executive session, after previous 
examination in the Committee on Indian Affairs, 
after a reference of it to the Interior Department, 
and full consideration of it there by as able an 
offcer as this Government has ever had at the 
head of that bureau. After all this; after the treaty 
has been confirmed by the Senate, and the award 
made under the authority of this Government, and 
the items and particulars all considered and re- 
ported, and the award acted upon, objection is 
made to giving it the sanction of the Senate. i will 
ask the chairman of the committee what is the 
amount of the whole award? 
