1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
709 
continue to cast it hereafter. This thing is an that Friday of next week be setapart for the con- I 
outrage; an outrage upon yourselves; an outrage sideration of private bills upon the Calendar. 
II 
The motion was agreed to. 
upon the Chamber where it has transpired. Com- 
mon honesty will forever raise its hand against a 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
thing like that. It is not characterizdd or dictated 
Mr. GREEN. I now move that the bill for the 
by a regard for your equitable and honest obliga- ; 
tion. 
I do not care what objections are now started 
I say, you have heretofore ac- 
by gentlemen. 
knowledge,d the justice of this claim; therc is no 
question of fact here. By every sanction of this 
Government, you have acknowledg•ed your duty 
to settle fairly with a humble set of petitioners, 
a tribe of Indians, the most civilized we have upon 
the continent, who have been waiting at your 
doors, to rny knowledge, for fifteen years, and who 
ave waiting here now; and who, I believe, are 
doomed—because they k now' that there will conne 
a body of men sorne time who will dcal justly and 
riglll{v w all thetn—to wait here for Inany years, 
and siiil petition. 
These things, I think, can be shown; and those 
who have defeated it simply by generalities, and 
by allusions, and by imputations, and by indirec- 
tion, and by complications, and by dispu bar- 
gains, and estimatinff as to the value of them at 
the time they were made and their present value, 
will also have time to consider the subject, and 
see upon what better groul')ds they can place their 
! organization of the Territory of Idaho be taken 
i Mr. GWIN. the Senator from Missouri 
permit me to take up the post route bill, with the 
amendments of the House? He only wants his 
bill to be left as unfinished business, I believe. 
Mr. GREEN. That is all. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 wish the post route bill to be 
taken up, in order that the amendments of the 
I House of Representatives may be concurred in 
I i by the Senate. 
II The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITUI. 
i The Chair hears no ol)jection to the proposition 
of the Senator from California. 
Mr. GWIN. The Post Oflice Committee have 
i examined the amendments; and they recommend 
the Senate to concur in the amendments of the 
House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (1-1. 
R. 714) establishing certain post routes is beforc 
the Senate, and the Secretary will read the action 
of the I-louse of Representatives upon tbc amend- 
ments of the Senate. 
rehe Secretary proc.eedod to read the I-louse 
opposition. I have no question that they will 
find some other ground; and when they have done amendinents to the Senate amendinents nan-Iino' 
additional post routes. 
it, they can only do it with this reflection follow- 
Mr. G WIN. I hope that the mail routes at 
that they had failed to present i 
ing cach footstep: 
feast will not be read in detail. 'Ehere are two or 
any such view before, and that afterthoughts arc 
presented to avoid an obligation which has been three amendments which are of some importance. 
sanctioned in all the forms that are known to 'There is no necessity for reading those which are 
rncrely the establish tnent of mail routes. 
the establisE')mcntof law. I ask that the bill Inay 
It has 
tion of that body during the kist session. 
been taken up as unfinished business at this ses- 
sion, and sent back the Senate amended. Vari• 
ous post routes have been put on, and there is an 
amendment to the, provision for daily -öVeiiand 
mail to California. An amend merit. passed 
Senate during •the last session to estabhsh a daily 
overland mail; but there x.vas no limitation as to 
the amount. Now the House of Representa tiveg 
has limited it, so that it shall not exceed $800,000. 
The House Representatives also allow addi- 
tional time to carry printed matter—thirty-five 
days—instead of requiringall the mail matter to be 
carried in the same time. The Senate passed it dur- 
ing the last session; it comes back to us amended. 
This dispenses with the ocean service entirely, 
and carries the mail daily on the central route, as 
proposed during the last session of Congress, and 
passed bv the Senate. 
LATHAM. My colleague is mistaken 
about one thing. The ocean service is to be dis- 
pcnsed with when the overland route is put in 
complete operation. 
IVh•. GWIN. Certainly. 
Mr. HUNTER. But in the mean time, is there 
110t a limitation that you are not to send mail mat- 
ter by this line of over one thousand pounds? 
Mr. G-W.IN. All over one thousand pounds 
they lift ve thirty-five days to carry in, instead of 
twronty. They have n thousand pounds to carry 
daily, and they have a longer period in which to 
convey the overplus. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think this bill ought to be 
referred to the Post Ofiice Committee, and have 
some examination. 
Mr. GWIN. The Post Office Committee have 
exaniiued it, and they have authorized me to rc- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'I'he reading port in favor of accepting the amendments. 
be laid over until Monday, on the motion which 
i have submitted to reconsider the vote rejecting Of thesc amendments will be dispensed with by Mr. HUNTER. Without examination? 
GWIN. They have examined it. 
It has 
universal consent, and t]'ley will not be read ex- 
the amendmenn t. 
been before the Post Offce Committeesixmonths 
cept such as are called for by Senators. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I in favor of thc mo- 
The Secretary read the House amendment to during the last session ahd this, and every mem- 
I have some 
tion of thc Senator fron') Arkansas. 
thc eighteenth section, added to the bill by the ber of the committee has authorized me to report 
doubt about the proprieby of my vote on this 
in favor of accepting the House arnendments. 
amendment; I an-I quite sa_tisfied with it; I find Senate. Ti'he I-louse of Representatives strike out 
that there is great difference of opinion; and unless the whole Of the eighteenth section, and in lieu of 
'Ehe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
would remark that the bilk does not appear to 
there is sonle pressing necessity for action now, 
I would rather it should go over a day or two, in 
order that I may look into the question. 
Mr. PEARCE. I would suggest that wc might 
as well take the bill out of committee, and the 
chairman of the Comrnittee on Indian AfTairs can 
offer his amendment turain in tbc Senate on Mon- 
day. We might as well pass the bill through the 
Committee of the Whole now. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 ask this favor 
of the Senate; and I believe it has been rarely 
denied. I cannot consent to yield to i.tny more 
little maneuvers—I do not say that the. Senator 
from Maryland makes any little maneuvers—but, 
I may not be here 
these are advantages at least. 
when the mnendmrnt is next taken up and offered 
I shall not rn•css it in the Senato 
in the Senate. 
if it be defeated in cotnmittcc once rnoro. 
the Senate that privilerre—wllich I have no ver 
denied by my vote to any one, and which I arn not 
disposed to believe the Senate will deny to me— 
that this l)ill may now lie over for consideration. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 think Senator would have 
precisely the same advantage under the su«ges 
tion I have made; but if he thinks otherwise, I 
shall not throw any obstacle in his way. 
it insert: 
have been rciörred, though it lilay have been ex- 
SEC. 18. and be it further cnacted, 'I'hat the Postmaster 
General is hereby au'Ehorized and då•ectcd to advertise for 
amined. 
proposals iör the daily transportation of the entire mail, 
Mr. G N"VIN. It was not referred; but I went 
in. tween St. Joseph, Missouri, or some other 
overland, 
to the members of the committee, and they au- 
, point on QIC M is.souri river, conneetcd by railroad with the 
thorized me to report in favor of accepting the 
and Placer- 
east, it'll tnay bc selected by the tractor, 
amendments of the House. Every member of the 
Ville, CaiitOrnia, over the central route, thc bids to-be rc- 
ceived till the first Monday of April, and the service 
connnittee is here. 
t." eon) Jul v I. , or as thereafte:r as possible, 
Mr. HALE. I am on the Committee on the 
oral is hereby (iirccted to award the conn•acts to the lowest II Post Oflice and Post Roads, and I want to say this 
bidder furnishing a:nple guarantees of his abil- 
and dispor:'iti011 to contract: Provided, 'Vlrat 
not. exceed per year : 
the an101tlit. ot- his bid shall 
P-roridcd. the contractor shall suppiy f)enver City and 
(Great Salt Lake City at lenst serni-wcckiy witbout extra 
: pror,ide.d . Turt.her, ']'hat the lett.er and news- 
paper *hall be carried throtu.rh in i.xventy days, and the 
"'h let. Inagazine, pc•riodicalL rand public docuinent Euail 
But the General yna.y au- 
ilk thirtv-livc days. 
thorize the carryint-r o t' said palnphlet, unagazine. periodical, 
and public doe u Eli-eut oftl;e rnail by route, 
if' desired by the 
and if said service is perün•tucd at thc contract- 
or's exponsc: Jind proridcd further, '}'hat the contractor 
shall not bc required, in addition to inc letter Inuil, to carry 
more of the newspaper Inail by t.he tsvcnty-day schedule 
than will Inake t11C averatvc weicl)t of whole one 
- thousand pounds per (Iny; and the re:nainder, if any, of 
tl:c :naik shall be. carried on the thirty-fivc day 
schedule above provided for. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The questioni MP. HUNTER. Are we adopting amendments 
to thig bill? 
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas, 
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
that the further consideration of this bill be post. 
poned until Monday next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
THE PRIVATE CALF,NDAR. 
tion will be on concurring in the House amend- 
ments to the Senate amendtnents. 
in rotation to this matter: the bill was brought 
back, and what the Senator fron-n California states 
is exac.lly true; but the only pointl think that the 
Senator has consulted the committee upon, is the 
overland mail route. My recollection IS different 
from the Senator's in regard to the proceedings 
of t.ho body at the last session. I have an im- 
pression that this provision did not pass the Senate. 
Mr. GWIN. It did. 
Mr. LATHAM. Yes; it was put on the post 
route bill. 
Mr. GWIN. This bill. 
Mr. HALE. I know, when we had the discus- 
Sion up, there was a good deal of debate, and a 
great many propositions were offered—one by 
myself, one by the Senator from Massachusetts, 
[Mr. WILSON 
I never heard an objection to 
Mr. GWI 
any portion of the bill, except that about the over- 
land mail. 
Mr. HALE. That is what I was going to sa ' 
I I Mr. HUN rl'ER. I think there ought to be sorne Of course, I supposed that was the reason. 
regard to the provision for the overland mail, I 
exolanalion, I understand that these amendments 
involve thc expenditure of a was in favor of it last year, and am in favor of 
Mr. LANE. I that Friday and Saturday II-put to the bill will 
it now; but I was in favor then, and am now, of 
of next vveek be set apart for the consideration of 
good deal of Inouey, for another overland route 
I thought 
in addition to toc one we already have. I should dispensing with the Butterfield route. 
nrivatc bills. 
then, and I think now, that we ought not to pay 
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the present state Of like to know how rnuch we aro putting upon the 
the appropriation bills before the Committee on post Office Department, how much we add to the a year for carrying that mail. The post- 
II age that was received upon that route, by the re- 
Finance, f hope that F.riday and Saturday will 
postal expenses, already so heavy ? 
not be set aside for private bills. We have a great The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator port of the Postmaster General at the last Session, 
can call for a separate vote on each amendment. which i examined, if I rememberaright was some- 
deal to attend to. 
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to delay the thing like twenty-seven thousand dollars for the 
Mr. LANE. At the suggestion of many Sen- 
sum of paid out; but it was suggested at 
ators, I will change my motion, and say Friday. Senate, but I think we ought to have some expla- 
NIL'. FESSENDEN. I shall make no further li nation of what we are doing. 
that time that, in consequence of the breaking off 
I of t.he ocean navWation, which was suspended for 
objection. I have made the Sucrgestion. The II Mr. GWIN. This is a 'House bill which the 
Senate passed at the last session, with amend- a while, and other causes, that would be constantly 
Senate can act as they please. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator ments. Thosc amendments went to the House increasing; and I suppose it has increased. I have 
from Oregon znodifies his motion, and now moves of Representatives and failed to receive the sanc- I not looked at the report this session to knoxrv the 
