1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
711 
terior for his decision; and there has recently been 
some action upon it by that Department. Is not 
that so ? 
Mr. TRIMBLE. It is. 1 have had the matter 
in my hands since the last session of, Congress, 
and during the present session. The result of 
the deliberations of the Interior Department is the 
recommendation of the adoption of this resolution, 
which, as I said before, was drawn up by the Sec- 
retary of the Interior. 
Mr. PHELPS. Then it met with the approval 
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, 
and of the late Secretary of the Interior, Mr. 
Thompson ? 
Mr. TRIMBLE. Accompanying the resolution 
is a communication from the Secretary of the In- 
terior, giving his reasons for recommending its 
passage. 
No objection being made, the resolution was 
received, read a first and second time, and ordered 
to be engrossed and read a third time; and, being 
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. TRIMBLE moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the resolution was passed; and also moved 
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SCOTT. On entering the Hall this morn- 
ing, I found lying upon my desk an address to the 
President and Vice President of the United States, 
signed by W. C. Jewett, of Pike's Peak, whom 
I suppose to be crazy and insane. I would like to 
know by what authority this House is to be in- 
sulted by laying such trash upon our desks? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to 
the gentleman from California that he has no 
knowledge upon that subject. 
Mr. SCOTT. That is all 1 desire. 
LARKIN TALLY. 
Mr. STOKES. I ask the unannnous consent 
of the House to report back, from the Committee 
on Invalid Pensions, a bill for the relief of Larkin 
Tally, a citizen of my district, and a poor blind 
soldier; and I ask that it may be put upon its 
passage. 
The bill, which was read for information, directs 
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of 
Larkin fl"ally on the pension rolls of the United 
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month, from 
and after the 1st of January, 1861, during his nat- 
ural life. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask for the reading of the 
report. 
The report, which was rend, shows that the 
petitioner volunteered in the company of Captain 
Thomas Ricks, of Mecklenburg county, Virginia, 
in 1813, and was attached to the sixth regiment 
commanded by Colonel William Sharp and Col- 
onel Greig Green. Efe served six months as a 
drummer at Norfolk. He swears that he then was 
honorably discharged, but has lost or mislaid the 
same, so that he cannot produce it. The evidence 
further shows that he applied to the department, 
and drew• two land warrants for eighty acres each ; 
also that he is very old and very poor, and totally 
blind, and not able to procure any support for 
his family or himself, but, on the contrary, is 
wholly dependent upon the charity of others. 
These facts are fully substantiated by the deposi- 
tions of a number of good citizens. 
No objection being made, the bill w'as reported 
by the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and 
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time; and 
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third 
time, and passed. 
Mr. STOKES moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; und also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
RESOLUTIONS OF MINNESOTA. 
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre- 
ted the resolutions of the Legislature of the 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, obtained the floor. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. •The gentleman has 
not the floor to make that motion. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis- 
souri has the floor. 
Mr. FENTON. What is the regular order of 
business ? 
The SPEAKER. Private bills. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Unless some gen- 
tleman indicates a desire to debate this bill, I will 
call the previous question. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move to lay the bill upon 
the table. 
Mr. CRAIG. of Missouri, called for the yeas 
and na s. 
Mr. %URCH. I move a call of the House. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would ask if my motion 
is not now in order to go into the Committee of 
the Whole on the state of the Union? I hope the 
House will not waste the whole day upon this 
private bill. 
'Thc SPEAKER. The motion is not in order 
now. 
The SPEAKER ordered tellers upon the 
lion that there be a call of the House; and ap- 
pointed Messrs. VALLANDIGIIAM and TH0MAs. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes seven; noes not. counted. 
So a call of the House was refused. 
The yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the 
bill upon the table l.vere ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the 97, nays 50; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Allen, Ash- 
Brayton, Bristow, 
ley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, 
Buflinton, Burlingmne, Burnham, Butterfield, Can-Ipbell, 
Carey, Carter, Case, Coburn, John Cochrane, Covodc, 
John G. Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, 
Ely, Etheridgc, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Garnett, Gooch, 
Grow, Gurley, John T. Harris, Hoard, Holman, William A. 
Howard, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kelkoog, 
Leach, James M. Leach, Loncneckcr, LooniiS, 'Lovejov, 
Marston, McKean, Laban Moore, Moorhead, Morriil, 
I Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olin, Palliler, Perry, 
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Rey- 
nolds, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, 
Royce, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, William N. H. 
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stokes, Stratton, 'I'ap- 
pan, 'Ithayer, rrompkins, Trimble, Vance, Vandevcr, Van 
VVvck, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. VVashburn, Ellihu, 
B. 'Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Wind011), and Wood—97. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, 'I'homas L. An- 
derson,William C. Anderson, Barr, Barret, Brabson, Briggs, 
Brown, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Colfax, Cox, Junes 
Craig, Curtis, binnnick, Edinundson, English, Florence, 
Fouke, Hamilton, Hindlnan, William floward, I-lughes, 
Lee, Logan, Maclay, Mallory, Maynard, McClernand, Me- 
Kenty, McKnight, Montgomery, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, 
Phelps, Pryor, Quarles, Scott, Sickles, Spaulding, VVilIia:n 
VValdron, Webster, Wins- 
low, and WoodruflL50. 
During thc roll-call, 
Mr. HELMICK stated that he had paired off 
with Mr. HASKIN on this bill. 
Mr. ANDERSON , ofMissom•i, stated that Mr. 
WOODSON was confined to his room by indispo- 
si tion. 
The result of thc vote having becn announced, 
as above recorded, 
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider thc vote 
consent, the Committee of the Whole House,be 
discharged from the further consideration of joint 
resolution (H. No. 5) authorizing the proper 
accounting ofiic.ers of the Ti•easury to revise and 
adjust the accounts of John Randolph Clay, Uni- 
ted States minister to Peru. The bill makes no 
appropriation, and it ought to pass. Mr. Clay is 
here in the city WE*ting for the settlement of his 
accounts. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will not,objectto anything 
that can be done by unanimous consent. 
Mr. BRANCH. I will not object to this joint 
resolution, inasmuch as merely reförs this matter 
to the accounting offcers of the Treasury. I am 
perfectly willing that it shall pass; but il is not to 
be understood as an expression of the opinion of 
the House that this party ought to be paid his 
claim unless he can show to the accounting offi- 
cers of the Treasury that he can bring himself 
within the terms of the existing law. 
There being no objection, the Committee of the 
Whole House was discharged from the further 
consideration of the joint resolution. It was then 
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time; 
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the 
third time, and passed. 
Mr. N I BLACK moved to *econsider thc vote 
by which the ioint resolution was passed; and 
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
BALTIMORE AND 01110 RAILROAD. 
Mr. CARTER. I ask leave to report back 
I from the Committee for the District of Columbia 
Senate bill No. 377, to authorize the Baltimore 
and Ohio Railroad Company to extend the Wash- 
ington branch of their road to the Potomac river, 
and across the same, by an extension of the pres- 
ent structure known as the Long Bridge, for the 
purpose of connecting with the Virginia railroad 
at that point 
Mr. BARR. 1 object, 
D. D. IIARRILL, 
Mr. LEE. I am instructed by tho Committee 
on the Post Oflice and Post Roads to ask the 
unanimous consent of the House that the Com- 
mittce of the Whole House be discharged from 
the further consideration of House 896, 
for the relief of D. D. Harrill* and that it be put 
upon its passage. 
It authorizes and directs 
The bill was read. 
the Postmaster General to examine the claim of 
D. D. Harrill, late postmaster at Shasta, Califor- 
nia, for his necessary expenses, attorney's fees, 
costs of court, and damages in the way of interest, 
in defending the actions of the Post Office Depart- 
ment against him as postmaster, and against his 
sureties—the judgmen ts obtained in which actions 
I having been heretofore remitted by the Postmas- 
ter Gencral—and to allow Harrill a sum not ex. 
ceeding #2,649 97 therefor. 
Mr. BükNETT. Is there anything from the 
Department in regard to that bill? 
Mr. LEE. I ask that the report, which is very 
brief, may be read. 
It discloses, first, that 
The report was read. 
Drury D. Harrill, a citizen of the United States, 
was appointed postmaster at Shasta, California, 
on the 1st of October, 1853, which office he held 
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and I 
until June, 1855, during which time he expended 
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon 
$1,042 31 for necessary clerk hire in the trang8c- 
the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
LOAN BILL. 
tion of the business of the office; also fifty dollars 
per month for offce rent, making $1,050 for the 
whole period for rent, which, with the amount paid 
for clerk hire, amounted to the sum of $2,092 31; 
Mr. SHERMAN. to the 
which sum, in settling with the Department, Har- 
loan bill, if it has been printed. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that rill withheld. For the recovery of this amount 
the Postmaster General instituted suit, and ob- 
the bill has not yet been returned from the Printer. 
tained a judgment, upon which execution was 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will move, then, that the 
House resolve itself into tho Committee of the I issued; whereupon Harrill borrowed the necesu 
sary amount to liquidate the claim, and paid the 
Whole on the state of the Union. 
I demand, judgment, and costs in full. On the 19th 
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from I 
of March, 1859, the Postmaster General ordered 
which were referred to the select committee loan bill; and if he does Propose to proceed $2,092 31 to be passed to the credit of Harrill on 
with the consideration of the bill to-day, I should the books in the Department; it being the amount 
five, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. FENTON. I now call for the regular order 
of business. 
HARRIS AND BUTTERFIELD. 
The SPEAKER. The regular of busi- 
ness is the consideration of the bill of the Senate 
No. 23, for the relief of Arnold Harris and Sam- 
upl F. Butteriie.ld. 
of the original claim of the Government against 
like to have my amendment printed. 
Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as the loan bill is Harrill. It appears to be well established by ac- 
printed—and I expect it every moment—I desire companying papers that Harrill, in defbnding the 
to call it up; and then the gentleman can offer his suit andin hiring money to liquidate judgment and 
costs, incurred the following liabilities: attorney 's 
amendments 
fees, $827 69; court fees, $397 28; interest on 
money loaned to pay judgment, (three to four per 
JOHN RANDOLPH CLAY. 
h Mr. NIBLACK. 1 ask that, by unanimous cent. per month,) $1,425; which is shown to have 
