712 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
been the usual rate of interest paid zit that t.ime in he is now authorized to negotiate. The House, obtain money on as favorable terms as it could if 
of Representatives, at its last session, cmbodied the loan prooosed in the bill reported by the Com- 
that Tlace on paper. 
There being no objection, thc Cotnmittee of the II in the tafiff bill a loan of that bill mittee of Ways and Means urere not authorized? 
-is now pending in the Senate, with a probability, I f am aware that the answer will be made to the 
Whole House was dischi•u ged frorri the further 
consideration of the bill. was then ordered to 
bé engrossed, and read a third time; and being 
encyrossed, it was accordingiy read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. LEE moved to recorfsider the -vöte by 
which the bill •was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion-to reconsider upon the table. 
Thtylatter motion was agreed to. 
LOAN BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The 'loan bill is now here; 
and I call for the regular order of business. 
has been printed ; and it is important that it should 
be" passed immediately, so that the Senate may 
think I may say, that it will receive the sanc- 
tion of that body. We. have now a • proposit.ion 
for a new loan, 'vvhile we have still a law upon 
the statute-boök authorizing a loan of nearly four- 
teen million dollars. Iam therefore opposed to the 
passage of the bill as reported by Committee 
of ways and Mcans. 
I desire that money shall be placed at the con- 
trol of this Government, to - meet its '-current ex- 
penditures, including the redemption of Treasury 
notes; but I think tbc best policy would be to ne- 
gotiatc the loan already authorized, before author- 
izing a new loan. T hc credit of the country is 
alreå(ly dcprcssed, and we will still further de- 
The House proceeded to the consideration of E press that credit by a new-' loan upon 
House bill No. 972, atithorizing a loan. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 rise to point of order. 1 
desire to know how this bill comes before the 
House. 
The SPEAKER. It yesterday by 
unanimous consent,. with the understanding that 
it should come up to-day as soon as printed. That 
is the way in which it comes before thé House. 
The bill was read, and is as follows: 
Be it enactcd, $c., That the President ofthe United States 
hereby is, authorized, at any time beföre the 1st of 
July next, to borrow; Oh the credit of the United States, a 
sum not exceeding $25,000,000, or so -much thereof as, in 
his opinion, -the exigencies of the public serviee njay re- 
quire to be used in the payment Öt• the current demands 
upon the Treasury, and for the redelill)tion of']? reasury notes 
now ,otitstandinq, and to replace in the 'lh-easury any atnount 
of' -stiid notes wliicii shall have been paid and received for 
public dues. 
SEC. 2. dud be it further enacted, 'That stock shall be is- 
bearin" interest not ex- 
sued for the illnount so borrowed, 
ceeding six per centtun per ttnnulll, alid to bé 
within a pérköd not beyond twenty years, and not. Jess than 
ten years; and the Secretary of the 'i'rea»ury be, and 
hereby, nut.horized, with the conseut of t_he 
cause 01' stock to be prepared, "'Iiieh shall be 
signed by thc Register arid sealed «'ith toe seal of t he 'Treas- 
(Or the amount, so borrowed, iu C 
u ry I.)cparuncnt, 
t.he part.ies *eliding the stitnc, or their assigns, which eer- 
tificate.* nmy k. on the books the '.th•casnry', 
under such regulations Inay be established by the Secre- 
tary of the. Treasury : Provided, 'I'hat no certificate shall 
be issued a less surn than $1,0Ul) : ,nnd provided, also, 
•ithat, whenever required, the. Secretary of the 'lh•easur.y 
coupons of' senii-annual in tcrest_ payable thereon 
to bo attached to certifient.e.* is'*ued under this act ; and any 
certificate with such coupons of' interest attacUed may be 
assigned transtOrred by delivery of the satne, inswad of 
being transferred on the books of Lho 'Ihrcasury. 
SEC. 3. .Råul be it further enacted, That before awarding 
said-loan, the, Secretary of the 'l'rca*ury shall cause to be 
inserted In two of the. public newspapct•s of' the city of 
Washington, and in one or ruore public ne'vspapers in other 
cities of toe United States, public notice that sealed pro- 
posal* for gue.h will he received until a certain day, 10 be 
specified in sueh notice, not less than ten (lays froin its first 
insertion. in n Washington newspaper; and •such notice 
at what periods the. 
shall state the atuount or the loan, 
n-noney snail paid, it by instalhnent..s, and at what places. 
Silcli sealed proposals shall be opened, on the day appoi nted 
jit notice, in the presence ofsnc,ll persons ns tnay choose 
1.0 attend, and the proposals (l by the Secretary of (hc 
favorable offered 
'I'reasnry, who Shail ace.e pt. the 
responsible bidders ('or said stock. And the said Sccrctary 
shall report to (.'onaress, at the commeneotnent or the next 
1.1K' :nnouut or barrowt•.d uudcr this act.. and 
session, 
. been obtained, 
a.nd on wliat ternw it shall 
ot• w 1100) 
IViti) au abstract or Lu•ief staterncnt of' ail the proposals sub- 
Itiittcd Iör the satne, distinguishing between those accepted 
aud ti')0.se rcicctcd, with a (letiii\ed st,at01nent of the expense 
of makin'r such loans. 
'I'bat, the the 
SEC.. 4. el•nd be it furth,cr enacdcd, 
United States is hereby pledged l'ur thc due pavinent of the 
interest and the redetnption of the priueipal 01' said stock. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 offer the following amend- 
mont to the bill: 
Strike out ali after the enacting clause, and inscrt as fol- 
the provisions of the third section of the act au- 
thorizil]g a loan, arid providing tor the red 011) prion of 'I' roas- 
Government would be to negotiate the existino• 
loan. My amendtncnl obviates all) y difficulties in 
relation to the law' authorizing that loan, and gi ves 
the Secretary ot the Treasury power to make the 
nc&0tiation forthwith. The oxi«cncics of the 
On the 21st 
. 'I'reasury Department are pressino'. 
day of January last there. was but: little over two 
million dollars subject to be, drawn by the Gov- 
ernmcnt of the United States in the various de- 
positories. 
'E he Secretary of the Treasury has informed 
us that before the of March next hc will need 
something like cight million dollars, in addition 
to the receipts from the usual sources of rovenue. 
says that, und(h• the terms of tho loan act of 
22d June. last, he is required to advertise for too 
long a of time, fln• at Icast thirty days, be- 
loan is awarded; and he needs that sulü 
fore the 
of rnoncy between now and •the 4th of I'VIarch next. 
'1'110 amendment which Lave submitted proposes 
to rnodify the act of 22d .June last in that rcspect, 
by allowing thc Secretary of the Treasury to ad- 
vertise for not less than ten days in the l')cwspa- 
pers of' the city, arid in such other cities as he Inay 
approved June 22, 1360, be, and hereby arc, so 
Inodified as to mnpower Secretary of' the '[Ircasury to 
negotiate the balance of said loan not already dispoeed of, 
on terms which rnay appear to be rnost tavorable to the 
United States, which shall be offeted. on notice to be puh- 
fished not iess than ten days, at the discretion of said Sec- 
rotary of tile rprcasury, iri the manner prescribed in said 
third section of the act; and the proceeds of said loan Inay 
be applied in the discharge of the current expenses of the 
Governineiht, 
restriction c.on- 
It also r 
r I'hat is, that the loan shall I 
tained in t,htlt bill, 
I propose, by 
not be negotiated for less than par. 
act, of 22d J u ric in 
my amendtnent, to li10dify the 
that respect, so Ihat the Secretary t hc 'Ih•easu ry 
noay negotiate the loan at less than par. 
bonds ai•e to boar interekq at the rate of six per 
, and if my amendment be adopted, they are 
to bc negotiated on such terms as the capitalists 
of the country are willing to furnish money to the 
I am williner to have this loan of 
Government. 
nearly million negotiated in this way. 
But do gentlemen expect that the Government can 
obtain money on as favorable terms, with this 
loan outstanding, with t.he $25,000,000 now pro- 
posed in the bill, and the $21,000,000 loan con- 
tained in the tariff bill ? 
Ti'o show the modifications proposed by 
arnendlncnt, I quote the section of the act 0k' 22d 
Junc last. The first section of that act provides 
that said loan shall bc used in the redemption of 
'I'rcnsury notes now outstanding, and to replac,c 
in the Treasury any amount of said notes which 
shall have been paid and received for public dues, 
aud for no other purpose." The third section is 
as follows: 
.andr be it further cn.actcd, 'I'hat before awarding said 
loan, t,he Secretary o? the 'llt•easury shall cause to be inserted 
in two of the public newspapers of the city of VVasIlingt.on, 
and in or Inore pnhlic newspapers in other cities of the 
Un it.ed States, public notice that sealed proposals such 
loan will be received until a certain day, to be specificd in 
such notice, not less than thirtv days from its first insertion 
in a Washington newspaper; and such notice shall state 
tbc trnnount of the loan, at what periods the money shall be 
if by installinents, and at what p)ac.cs. Such scalcd 
proposals shall be opened, on the day appointed in the no- 
tice, in the presence such persons as Inay choose to at- 
tend, and the proposals decided by toe Secretary of the 
Treasury, who Shall accept the, most favorable by 
responsible bidders for said stock. And said Secretary shall 
report to Congresg, at the commencerncnt of the next ses- 
siou, the amount of rnoney borrowed under t.his act, and of 
an abstractor briefst.atement of all the proposals submitted 
for the smn.e, distinguishing between thosc accepted and 
Mr. Speaker, the bill, as reported from the those rejected, with a detailed statement of the expense of 
of Ways and Means, proposes to Inaking such loans: and provided, That no stock shall be 
disposed of at. less than its par value ; and the sum of $5,000 
thorizc the Secretary of the Treasury to negotiate 
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury 
a new loan' of At the last session of I not otherwise appropriatcd,to pay for engraving and print- 
ing the certificates, and other expenses of exe-cuting this 
Congress we auchorized a loan of 
The whole-of that loan has not yet been negotiated i act; but no additional conmensation shall be allowed to 
any person salary by law." 
by the Secretary of the Treasury. There is a bal- 
ance of that loan of nearly fourteen million, which li Do gentlemen suppose that the Government can 
proposition which •make, that the loan of 22d 
June last was authorized to be expended in the 
retiring of Ti•easury notes, and for no other pur- 
pose whatever. We have provided by 
at this session of Congress, that the Secretary of 
the Treasury may issue $10,000,000 of Treasury 
notes; and they have been already issued, for the 
purpose of redeeming outstanding Treasury notes. 
I am aware it will bé- urged that the balance of the 
loan of 22d June last is applicable only to the 
redemption of the Treasury notes outstanding at 
the date of the passage of the act, and of such 
Treasury notes as were authorized to be issued 
at this sessi6n of Congress. These Treasury notes 
bear a rat.e of interest at from ten to twelve per 
rate of twelve per cent. , except about two hundred 
and fifty thousand dollars. The next 
was macle at an averacre rate of interest 
of not qtlite eleven per cent. The Treasury notes 
will not go into circulation. They will not be 
redccmc&bv the Government, because the hold- 
ers will no-t present them for redemption until 
the twelve months shall have expired, and the 
sixty days additional allowed by the terms of the 
ID other words, there is no need of pro- 
act. 
viding for the redemption of the Treasury notes, 
authorized at this session, until the next Congress 
shall have assembled. It will be ample time then 
to provide for their redemption. Gentlemen on 
the other side now propose to modify the tariff; 
and they assert that the tariff bill which passed 
the House of Representatives will, if it become 
a law, yield us at least $6,000,000 of revenue 
more than is received under the present tariff act. 
I do not believe that it will be so. But the. gen- 
tlemen who make the statement du believe it; and 
if so, why do they now propose to create so large 
It is expected that the tariff bill will go into 
effect. about the 1st of July next; in other words, 
that we will commence to receive all the benefits 
under this increased rate of duties before the end 
of this •fiscal year, or by the commencement of 
tl')C next fiscal year. You must recollect, Mr. 
Spcakep, that there is a large amount of goods 
now in 1110 bonded warehouses—stored undQn• the 
existing warehousincr system—thc irapm•ters hav- 
ing three years frokY1 the time they are deposited. 
to withd raw them for consumption or reéxporta- 
If this new tariff act, which proposes the 
abolition of the warehousing system, shall go into 
effect, you necessarily force into market a large 
amount of goods now deposited in the bonded 
warehouses; and thus you either increase the re- 
ceipts of revenue, or drive the importers to reex- 
port these goods. I see that for the fast six months 
the goods entered for consumption, and with- 
drawn from the bonded warehouses, have been 
small; and the revenues derived from them have 
been insufiicient to meet the expenses of the Gov- 
ernment. The merchants in the interior, owing 
to the pressurc in the money rnarket, add to the 
political difficulties of the country, ate slow in 
m:aking purchases. If these political disturbances 
be settled, you will find commerce and manufäc- 
tures reviving, and the importation of foreityn 
goods will be largely increased, unless the higher 
rates of duties imposed under the new tariff - bill 
shall have the effect of restricting importation. 
I repeat, Mr. Speaker, that if we desire to main- 
tain the public credit•, our proper course is to make 
provision for the use of the loan already au- 
thorized, by the modifications proposed in my 
amendment, instead of authorizmg a new loan of 
$25,000,000. I now tell the chairnman of the Com- 
mittee of YVays and Means that, if this biil pass 
in its present form, no money will be realized 
from it before the Isl of March next. In order 
to carry the act into effect, new plates will have 
to be engraved and notes printed, and that will 
require time. 
Bat if my amendment be adopted, the plates at 
present in use can be used in printing the bonds 
to be issued; and, after ten days' advertisement, 
the Treasury will be •prepared to issue its bonds. 
The information which I have given to the 
House has been derived from the Treasury De- 
partment; and the amendment submitted by me 
receives the approval of the Secretary of the Treas- 
