1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
713 
ury, with the exception of the one provision, that 
the proceeds of the loan shall be applicd to the 
current expenses of the Government; but I un- 
derstand that the present Secretary of the Treas- 
upy would have given the act of June 22 the same 
construction as I now propose to give it, in defi- 
nite terms. 
I propose to leave nothing to implication. My 
amendment proposes that this money can be used, 
not merely in the redemption of Treasury notes, 
but also to defray the current expenses of the 
Government. 
I think, Mr. Speaker, that this question is one 
of such magnitude that it ought not to be urged 
forward in this manner, and pressed upon the 
House without time for consideration. 
i am 
ready to' vote för the amendment which I have 
submitted, and for the bill as thus amended; but I 
must sav that I cannot, with the convictions which 
1 entertain, vote for the bill in the form in which it 
has come from the Cornmittee of Ways and Means. 
It may be said that this $14,000,000 is inadequate 
to defray the expenses of the Government till 
the 1st of July next. I concede that it is. 
I 
stated the other day that we would require a loan 
of something like $25,000,000 to meet the current 
expenses of the Government from now till the 1st 
of July next, over and above the receipts from 
I still entertain 
the ordinary sources of revel'lue. 
that opinion. But if the tariff bill should become 
a law, then the $21 loan provided for in it, 
added to the $14,000,000 already at the disposal 
of the Government, will make $35,000,000, while 
the cxpenscs of the Government wilk only amount 
to $25,000,000 to the 1st of July next, over the 
current revenue, as est.imated by the Secretary of 
the Treasury. I therefore say that it would be 
wise to pursue the course which i have indicated; 
and that the bill reported by t.he Committee of 
Ways and Means will have the efl'ect of further 
depressing the credit of the Government. 
Mr. SHERMAN. somewhat surprised 
that In y friend from Missouri should oppose a 
measure intended to pay off the existing debts 
made by this Administration. 
I have here a com- 
munication from the Secretary of the. Treasury, 
st.ating that there will be an actual deficit in the 
revenue of $21,677,524. The deficiency bill ap- 
propriates between two and three million dollars. 
So that there is an admitted deficiency of about 
twenty-four million dollars, to be now provided 
for. The amount in the Treasury o.n the 1st day 
of January was $2,233 220, while it requires at 
least in the Treasury to carry on tbc 
daily operations of the Treasury Department. So 
that a deficiency of not less than 
exists, now to be provided for by loan. Now, 
Mr. Speaker, under these circumstances, while 
the Opposition side of the House bring forward 
a bill to place in the power of the Secretary of the 
Treasury money to pay off all the existing liabil- 
ities, it seems strange to n-xe that any 011)position 
should from the other side of the I-lot.tse. 
All of this Inotlc•y will be requircd. My friend 
II 
New York would say the credit of the Govern- 
ment had been violated; because, when they took 
the Treasury notos under the law of December 
last, it was with a specific pledge, with a rnort- 
in fact, upon the loan of the 22d June last, 
for their redemption. 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to ask tbc gentleman 
from Ohio One question. Did he not vote for the 
homestead •bili which passed during the present 
session of Congress? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, 'cs. 
Mr. PHELPS. And the gentleman voted to 
give away the public lands, notwithstanding the 
fact that. they had been pledged for the •redemp- 
tion of a former loan ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. It has been held, over and 
over affairl, that that pledge only existed in regard 
to a very small portion of the public debt; and 
nearly all that to wh ichit applied has been paid off. 
But here is a specific pledge, made only a little 
more than a' mont.h ago, that thc balance of the 
loan of ,Tune last shalÜbc pledged for the redemp- 
tion of these 'Treasury notes; and now my friend 
from Missouri wants us to take tl'10 loan thus set 
aside for a particular purpose and apply it to the 
ordinary current expenses of the Government. 
Why, IV.II'. Speaker, the plain Englisl'i of this 
matter is, that there is $25,000,000 ot• debts due, 
and no Inonoy to pay them with; 
no revenues to 
[HI y them with. have 'Totto resort to the credit 
I Nippose this $25,000,000 
of the Government. 
provided for in this bill wilk be sumcient to settle 
up tbc accounts of this Administration. 
My friend refers to the tariff bill. T hc tariff 
bill, it. n law, will probably not take 
effect until July next, when it will become neces- 
sary to provide by law for a deficiency that will 
That bill 
accrue, in the next fiscal ycar. 
will probably contain a provision for a temporary 
loan; but,only one, which win be required to meet 
the deficicncics for the next fiscal year. This loan 
bill is tor a present deficiency, and thcreforc its 
necessity will not bc obviated if the tariff bill shall 
become a law. 
If, as the gentleman says, the tariff bill will pro- 
vide a rcvenue sufii&icnt to meet the current ex- 
I penses of the Government, then it will not become 
neccssary to negotiate the loan provided in the 
I certainly hope thc event will prove 
tariff bill. 
that the tariff bill we shall pass will produce a 
revenue suflicient to meet all the expenses of the 
If so, the loan bill s.vhich accom- 
Goverrunent. 
panies that las•v will lapse, and that will be the 
I trust that no other Congress will 
end of it. 
over be called on to pass any loan bill to rncet thc 
expenses of the Government in a (irne of profound 
peace. The ordinary revenues of the Government 
should always be sufficient to Nicet its expenses, 
unless in time of war. For the, last three years, and 
during every session, the chairman of t.he Conlrnit.- 
tee of Waysand Means has been compelled to cornc 
in here with a loan bill, to supply the deficiencies 
in the revenues of the Governillent. I trust such au 
event may never occur afrain in a time of peace. 
b provision to pay off existing liabilities. •Whether 
of this loan will be required to pay off existino• 
these liabilities have accrued in consequence of 
liabilities. But hc says there is now upon the 
statute-book a loan law which would enable the null-administration of the Government, or for 
whatever causc, no man can doubt our obligation 
Secretary of the Treasury by some means or other 
to make provision for paying off those liabilities. 
to get along until the 4th of Nfarch. 
M r. PHELPS. said that I was informed that A nd here let me say a word to my friends on 
this side of the House. I ask thern, when we are 
somewhere in the neighborhood of eight million i 
dollars would be sufficient to defray the expenses i compelled to come in here, with loan bill after loan 
—the bill to enable the Government to meet its expenses, 
of the Governrnenl until the 41.11 of March 
balance of the loan authorized in June last, of i if it is not time to pause in the appropriations they 
plate, to which rhy friend fromÄIVfisgou-ri alliided, 
that the ten days •during which -the notice contin- 
ues, will, I presume, be sufficient to buve the;plateS 
engraved; and if not, the, old plates iwilt answer 
the purpose. 
Mr. PHELPS. According to doctrine of 
the gentleman, they will all be needed to redeem 
the outstanding Trea.sary notes. 
Mr.SHERMAN. Well,theywillnotbenecded 
for that purpose within (ine year; and 
within that time, I presume , the artistsof the coun- 
try will' be able to get up new plates. So that, it 
seen-is, this objection of the gentleman from Mis- 
souri is a very small matter in consideration of. 
bill of this magnitude. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope. the gentleman from 
Ohio will permit me to offer my amendment. I 
am very anxious to vote for this bill; and I can 
do so cheerfully, if my amend rnent is adopted; but 
otherwise, I shall be cornpelled to vote in thc neg- 
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman can send 
up his amendment, so that we can understand 
I move the previous question. 
what it is. 
Mr. MAYNARD. With the of the 
gentleman froin Ohio, I desire to ask a single 
TITho question I desire to propound to 
q ucstion. 
the chairtnan of the of Ways and 
Means, is this: the gentleman from Ohio has 
stated that, session after session, the Committee 
of Ways and Means have been c,cnnpellcd to bring 
forward loan bills to carry on t.he Government. 
[ now desire to ask if il is contemplated to bring 
forward any other loan bill during the present 
session of Congress ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the only loan bill, 
except that incorporated in the tariff bill, which 
is for a future deficiency, that we contemplate 
bringing forward during the present session. 
Now, sir, I think •the House understands this 
matter sufficiently well, and I must insist on my 
demand for the previous question. 
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to offer an amend- 
Inent t.o the amendmcnt of the gentleman from 
Missouri. 
Mr. SHERMAN. very well, the, gentle- 
man send up his amendment, and then I ask for 
thc previous question. 
Mr. HINDMAN. ask that mv amendment 
to the original bilk bc read. 
Mr. SHERMAN. If received, then no 
further amendment is in order. 
Let the amend- 
of the gentleman from Arkunsas be read. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Add at !bc ond of the bill : 
Pyovidcd., 'I'hat no part of the loan herein provided tor 
shall used in support or maintenance of' any troops or 
vessels tar Inaking war against any State or States that 
have seceded or lilay hereafter secede from the Union. 
Mr. SIIL'RiMAN. 1 trust that no foreign mat- 
ter likc that will bc insisted on being attached to 
this measure. 
Mr. MILLSON. 1 ask the gentleman to yield 
to me to move an. amendment. 
Mr. I-II"NDMAN. Let ask whether my 
amendment has been received? 
Mr. SHERMAN. It has not, for the reason 
that it is not germane to the subject-matter of the 
bill. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Some four years aco, when 
tbc Kansas bill '.vas pcnding, the, gentlen7an from 
Ohio offered a similar amend which he then 
considered germane and in order. 
Mr. SHERMAN. That was to an appropri- 
ation bill, and limited the appropriation proposed 
to be This is a loan bill, and an entirely 
I do not yield to let the avnend- 
different matter. 
ment come in. 
which some fourteen million dollars is still within 
the power of the Secretary of the 'I"reasury to use. 
Mr. SHERMAN. think a simple statement 
of this matter wilt settle this question. By the 
law of t.he 22d June last we authorized a loan of 
#20,000,000. A_ portion of that loan was taken. 
the law. In last December, at the pressincr in- 
stance of Mr. Secretary Cobb, we authorized the 
issue of Treasury notes, with the spe- 
cific pledge of thic balance of the loan of June 22, 
for the redemption of these Treasury notes.. And 
now, my friend from Missouri proposes to take 
that:loan , thus specifically pledged for thc redemp 
tion of these Treasury notes, and apply it to the 
current expenses of the Government. say that 
it would be a violation of the public faith for this 
are makilng•, cert.ainly the benefit of moonshine 
speculations for rights within the jurisdiction ofa i 
foreign Government. 
Now, as I desire to call the previous question Mt. MILLSON. I move to strike out of the 
amendn•ent of the gentleman from I'vlissouri [Mr. 
upon this bill before I take nny seat, I will answer 
It is PHELPS] so much as authorizes tbc funds raised 
any question gentlemen may desire to ask. 
by this loan to be applied in payment of the cur- 
The balance could not be sold upon thc terms of important that this bill should pass the Senate to- 
rent expenses of the. Government. 
Mr. HINDMAN. With the of the Mr. SHERMAN. That is already engrafted 
gcntleman from Ohio, desire to offer an amend- upon the amendinent of the gentleman from Mis- 
ment; and, if he will allow me, I wilk state my souri. 
I Mr. MILLSON. That much propose to 
I reason for offering it. 
strike out. 
I Mr. SHERMAN. 1 must say to the gentle- 
SHERMAN. 1 have objection to that 
- I tnan again that it is important this bill should 20 
amendtncnt beinø entered. 
to the Senate in time to have it passed there to- 
i Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman 
d?.y, so that the Secretary of the 'l'reasury may 
I advertise for the loan, as he is required to do, for from Ohio has stated that it was strange the men') - 
bers of this side of the House should oppose a bih 
ten days. 
Congress to pass the law now by the 
I will say, in regard to the engraving of the for the payment of debts incurred by the present 
gentleman from Missouri. The moneyed Inen of 
