714 
Administration; and his remarks would leave the 
impression upon the House that ho was taking a 
step desired by the Administration. I want to 
correct that impression. The gentleman will find 
that the amendment of the gentleman Of Missouri, 
with the amendment indicated by myself, will 
accomplish all the objects desired by the Secretary 
of the Treasury. 
The gentleman says that we want money to pay 
the expenses of the Government after- the expn•a- 
tion of the present fiscal year; but that is not the 
object of the present bill. The Department, at this 
time, "vvants funds to meet the accruing expenses 
of the Government before the 4th of March. The 
Department will be satisfied with such modifica- 
tion of the act of June 22, 1860, as will dispense 
wi}h the notice, and authorize the negotiation of the 
loan on the most favorable terms. The Depart- 
ment does not desire the money raised by this loan 
to be diverted from thc objects stated in the act of 
June, 1860; and therefore, if thc amendment of the 
gentleman from Missouri be amended as 1 propose, 
at will meet at once the obicction of thc gentleman 
from Ohio, for it v,'ill not ihen divert the loan from 
the objects originally contemplated, which was to 
redeem outstanding Treasury notes. The Depart- 
ment is now able to meet the expenses of the Gov- 
crnment,provided you pass this loan bill with the 
modification suggested by the gentleman from 
Missouri and myself. 
Mr. PHELPS. The which l.have 
moved in regard to the bill, does not require the 
Secretary of the Treasury to apply the proceeds 
of this loan in payment of the current expenses 
It merely gives him permis- 
of the Government. 
Sion to do so. 
Mr. MILLSON. That is true; it only gives 
him permission to do so; but even that permis- 
Sion renders the amendment liable to the objection 
made by the gentleman from Ok'iio. The Depart- 
ment, as I have said, does not want this money to 
be applied to the current expenses of the Gov- 
ernment. At present Treasury notes are re- 
deemed out of the current rcvet'iues of the Gov- 
ernmcnt; but if this bill be passed it will relieve 
the current revenues from that liability to pay the 
It wili raise somc 
outstanding Treasury notes. 
six or seven million dollars; and I will state to the 
gentleman from Ohio that the Department does not 
propose even to negotiate thc whole loan author- 
Ized by this bill. There will bc no necessity for 
it. What it wants is an immediate relief to the 
Treasury. The gentleman will find that the re- 
marks of my friend from Missouri are cntircly 
correct, if the bill be passed in the mode proposed 
by the gentleman from Ohio. If a new loan be 
authorized, it will not meet the or 
ethe wants of the Department at all; for it will 
postpone the receipt of money into the Treasury 
nntil tl'le 1st of March, at the earliest. As to the 
fünds bc provid('d for thc nextfiscal year, they 
in the loan bill inserted in 
wilt bc provided f'or 
the Morrill tariff bill, in any other loan bill. 
What is necessary now is innnediate, prompt rc- 
ccssity of giving the notice provided in that bill. 
Let the bill bo l)åssod modifying the existing law, 
so as to dispensc with the notice now required, 
and to authorize the ncgotiation of the loan on the 
best terms, and that will Incet with the require- 
monts of the Departmcnt. 
Mr. SHERMAN. i will say a word in reply 
if the course he, 
to my friend from Virginia. 
suggests be pursued, thén there will be no provis- 
ion Qf law för the redemption of Treasury notcs 
issued under the law of last December. Then, 
next December will come around, and there v;ill 
be no provision for their redemption. • There will 
be no loan for their redemption, and this Gov- 
crnment will have to go on paying interest at the 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask my friend one 
question. If the course he suggests should be 
pursued, is there any provision of law for the 
payment of those Treasury notes when they be- 
come due ? 
Mr. MILLSON. I will answer the gentleman. 
The present bill, as modified by the gentleman 
from Missouri and myself, will leave the law 
exactly as it stood before, with the exception that 
it dispenses with the notice, and authorizes the 
negotiation of the loan on any terms that may be 
favorable. 
Mr. SHERMAN I demand the previous 
question. 
Mr. GARNETT. Will the gentleman let me 
ask him a question ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, for information. 
Mr. GARNETT. If this bill pass, 1 under- 
stand the gentleman to admit that our obligations 
will be under this bill , 
under the Morrill tariff bill, and $14,000,000 under 
u former bill. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The referred 
to takes the place of outstanding Treasury notes. 
It is not a new loan. 
Mr. GARNETT. 
and in all 
—required to meet the appropriations made by 
this Congress and t]'ie outstanding Treasury 
notes? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; every ofit. 
Mr. GARNETT. In addition to the current 
revenue ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. , Until the tariff bill be 
passed and tried, we cannot tell whether it will 
supply suflicient revenue or not to meet the cur- 
rent expenses of the Government. But, sir, this 
$25,000,000, every dollar of it, is required to meet 
cxisting liabilities. The provided by 
the act of June 22, will be required to meet out- 
standing Treasury notes. 
Mr. GARNETT. Then the bill loan 
will be merc surplus; and, in fact, this may be 
considered a bill for what purposes? 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I beg leave to say 
to the gentleman from Ohio the chairman of the 
Committee of Ways and Moans, that if he de- 
pends upon the operation of the tariff bill for the 
revenues of the country, he, and those who think 
with him, will bc entirely disappointed. The ab- 
rogation of the warehouse system will, I think, 
shackle and paralyze the commerce of the coun- 
_try. 
Mr. SICKLES. That is a very good reason 
why a tariff bill should be accompanied by a loan 
bill. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope gentlemen will not 
I call the previous 
debate the tariff bill here. 
question. 
The question first being upon the amendment 
offered by Mr. MILLSON to the amendment of Mr. 
i PHELPS, 
Mr. GARNETT dcmandcd the yeas and nays. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers 
upon the eas and nays. 
Mr. ST-IERMAN. 1 no necessity for 
ing the yeas and nays upon the amendment to 
the amendment. 
Mr. BURNETT. we want the yeas and 
nays. 
Tellers were ordercd; and Messrs. VANDEVER 
and JOHN COCHRANE were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes thirty-three; noes not counted. 
So tho yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. SICKLES. to have the amend- 
ment. of the gentleman from Virginia read in con- 
nection with the amendment of the gen tleman from 
Missouri. 
Mr. WINSLOW. we may very well pass 
Pacific railroad bills , and others of that character, 
rate of twelve per centum per annum upon these 
Trcasury notes. In that way a burden will be without knowing what we are doing; but when 
thrown upon the next Congress -that ought to be we come to pass loan bills, I think we should 
provided for by this Congress. And the gentle- 
man does not answer my objection, and that is, 
that the loan of June 22, 1é60, was specifically 
plcaged in December last for the identical notes 
Issued at that time. I-low this House can divert 
that fund without a violation of the public honor, 
I cannot see. 
Mr. MILLSON. It is not expected at the 
Treasury Department that the late issue of Treas- 
ury notes will be presented for payment, because 
of the high rate of interest which they bear 
know what we are about; and therefore I desire 
to havo tho amendments read. 
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to make another in- 
quiry. The gentleman from Arkansas offered an 
amendment, and I desire to know whether, or not, 
it was received? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it ',vas 
not. 
i Mr. BURNETT. That amendment pro- 
posed to limit the uses to which this money 
should be applied, and we have precedents for 
such amendments in the action of former Con- 
gresses. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not decide 
but the gentleman from Ohio did not receive the 
amendment. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio 
had no control over it. He had yielded the floor 
to the gentleman from Arkansas. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair saw that there 
might be confusion, and he paid close attention 
man from Ohio did not yield for that purposc. 
He yielded to hear the amendment read, and after 
he heard it, he objected; and then the gentleman 
from Virginia rose and offered his amendment. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I ',vas giving special atten- 
tion to what the gentleman from Ohio was say- 
ing, and I think the Chair is in error in his recol- 
lection of what he did say. I say—of course, With 
all respect to the Chair—the gentleman from Ohio 
yielded me the floor to offer my amendment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. only that it might be read; 
and then I objected, and said it was not material, 
&c. The gentleman from Virginia having offered 
an amendment to an amendment, that is the end 
of it. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Of course•; but the 
man from Virginia had not offered his amendment 
at the time I offered mine. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understood myself as 
objecting in a very polite way. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 
matter. 
The question was then taken; and it was de- 
cided in the affrmative—yeas 126, nays 42; as 
follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adrain, Aldrich, Al- 
ley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Avery, 
Barr, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock, Branch, Briggs, 
Bristow, Brown, Buffnton, Burch, Burlingame, Burnett, 
Burnham, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Coburn, John 
Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Cox, Burton Craige, 
Curtis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Dimmiek, Duell, Dunn, Ed- 
gerton, Edtnundson, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge. Pen- 
ton, Foster, Frank, French, Garnett, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, 
Hale, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Hatton, Helrnick, Ilnard, 
Uurnpbrey, Hutchins, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis W Kel- 
logg, Williarn Kellogg, Killinger, Kunkcl, Larrabee, James 
M. Leach, Logan, Loögnecker, Lovcjoy, Mac;ay, Mallory, 
Maynard, McClcrnand, McKean, McKent.y, McKnigtit, 
Millson, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Nelson, Nix- 
on, Nocll, Palmer, Peyton, Porter, Potter, Pryor, Quarles, 
Edwin R. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, James C. Robinson, 
Royce, Rust, Scranton, Sherman, Sickles, Spinner, Stan- 
ton, Stevens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, 
Stratton, 'I'appan, Thayer, Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins, 
Trimble Vallandigham, Vance, Vandever, Wade, Wal 
burne, Webster, Wilson, Windom, Wood, aud Wright. 
—126. 
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Ashley, Babbitt, Barret, Bealc, 
Brayton, Butterfield, Horace F. Clark, ConWay, Jtuneg 
Craig, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis English, Ferry, 
iolman. William 
Florence, Fouke, Gurley, Hindman, 
Howard, William A. Howard, Hughes, Irvine; Kenyon, 
Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Loomis, Edward Joy Morris, 
Riggs, William N. H. Smith, Spaulding, Van Wyck, Wells, 
Whiteley, Winslow, and Woodruff—42. 
So the amendment to the amendment was 
agreed to. 
During the vote, 
Mr. FRENCH stated that Mr. 
detained from the H_ouse by indisposition. 
Mr. DAWES made a similar statement in reter- 
ence to Mr. DELANO. 
Mr. CASE made a similar statement in refer- 
ence to Mr. PETTIT. 
The result was announced as above recorded. 
MESSAGE FROM TILE, SENATE. 
A message was received from the Senate, by 
Mr. PATTON, one of their clerks, notifying the 
House that the Senate had passed a resolution that 
a committee be appointed by the President of the 
Senate, consisting of three members, to join such 
committee as may be appointed by the House of 
Representatives to ascertain and report a mode for 
examining the vote for President and Vice Presi- 
dent of the United States, and of notifying the 
persons chosen of their election; and that Mr. 
TRUMBULL, Mr. FOOT, and Mr. LATHAM, had 
been.appointed such committee upon the part of 
the Senate. 
Also, that the Senate had ordered tho publica- 
tion of certain documents. 
Also, that the Senate had passed the followmg 
House bills, with amendments; in which he was 
directed to ask the concurrence of the House: 
A bill (No. 892) making appropriations for the 
