1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
715 
executive, legislative, and judicial expenses of the 
Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 
1860; and 
A bill (No. 864) making appropriations for the 
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern- 
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1862. 
LOAN DILL—AGAIN. 
The question being next upon the amendment 
offered by Mr. PHELPS, 
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 52, nays 120; as follows: 
Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barr, Bo- 
cock, Branch, Brown, Burnett, John B. Ciark, John Coch- 
rane, Cox, Burton Craige, Jöhn G. Davis, De Jarnet.t.e, 
llarris, 
Edmundson, English, Fouke, Garnett, John 
Hindman, [-101ma-n, I-lughes, Jenkins, Larrabec, Jmnes M. 
Leach, Logan, Maclay, Mallory, Maynard, Millson, Laban 
T. Monte, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, 
Pryor, Quarles, James C. Robinson, Rust, Scott, Sickies, 
Simms, William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, 
'I'h01nas, Vallandigham, Vance, VVhiteley, Winslow, and 
Wright—52. 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Attey, William C. Anderson, Ashley, 
Babbitt, Bcale, Binghann, Blair, Blake, Brabson, Brayton, 
Briggs, Bristow, Buffnton, Burch, Burlingame, Burnham, 
Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Coburn, Colfax, 
Conkling, Conway, Covode, James Craig, Curtis, H. Winter 
l)avis, Dawes, Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Diiot, 
My, Etheridge, Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Fra.nk, 
French, Gihner, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Halc, Hatton, Ilel- 
mick, Hoard, William A. Howard, I•ltnnphre.v, l•lutchins, 
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kcllogg, William Kellogg, Ken- 
you, Kilgore, Killinger, l)cVVitt C. Leach, Lee, Long- 
necker, Loomis Lovcjoy Marston, McClernand,McKeah, 
McKenty, Mcknight. Biontgolllery, Moorhead, Morrill, 
Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, 
Olin, Palmer, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin II. Rey- 
nolds, Riggs,Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scranton, Sedg- 
wick, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, 
Williatn Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Il'hayer, rrornpkins, 
'Prain, Trimble, Vandever, Van VVvck, VVade, Waldron, 
Walton, Cad wakader C. Washburn, "Eliihu B. Washburne, 
Webster, Weds, Wilson, Wood, and Woodruff—120. 
So the amendment was not agreed to. 
During the vote, 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, stated that had he 
been within the Hall when his natne was called, 
he should have voted in the affrrnati.ve. 
The bill was then ordcrcd to be enm•ossed and 
read a third time; and being it was 
accordingly read the third time. 
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, demanded 
the yeas and nays on the passage of thc bill. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the affirmative—yeas 124, nays 46; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adarns, Green Adams, Adw 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, 
Babbitt, Binghaln, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, 
Butterfield, 
Bnflinton, Burch, Burlingame, Burnham, 
Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Coburn, Colfhx, Conkling, 
Conway, Covodc. lames Craig, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, 
John G. Davis, Dawes, Duel), i)unu, Edgert011, Edwards, 
Eliot, Ely, English, Fenton, Fcrry, Florence, Foster, It rank, 
French, Gooch, Grow, Gur-icy, I_talc, lieltnick, Iloard, Hol- 
man, William A. Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, 
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Keilogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kil- 
linger, Larrabec, I)eWitt C. Loach, Lee, Longnecker, Loo- 
mis, Lovejoy, Maclay, McKean, McKenty, McKnight, 
Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac 
N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Noelb Palmer, 
Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Reynolds, John I-I. 
Reynolds, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson , 
Royce, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, 
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevcns, William Stmvart, 
Stout, Stratton, Thayer, T01npkins, Train, Trimble, Van- 
dever, Van Wyck, VVade, Wa}dron, Walton, Cadwaiader 
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, 
Wilson, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—124. 
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barret, 
Beale, Bocock, Brabson, Branch, Brown, Burnett, John 
B. Clark, John Cochrane, Cox, Barton Craige, De Jarnette, 
Edmundson, Etheridge, Garnett, John T. Harris, Hatton, 
Hindman, William Howard, Jenkins, James M. Leach, 
Logan, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClernand , 
Millson, Laban T.Moore, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, 
Quarles, Rust, Simms, William -N. H. Smith, Stevenson, 
Stokes, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, Whiteley, Wins- 
low, and Wright—46. 
So the bill was passed. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, (when his name was 
called,) said: Not regarding this asa war measure 
by any means, I vote no" for other reasons. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was' passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion wras agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be 
suspended and that t.he House resolve itself into 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union. Pending that motion, I move that the 
debate upon the pending amendment—the Chiri- 
qui amendment—terminate at four o'clock. 
COUNTING OF VOTES FOR PRESIDENT, ETC. 
Mr. *VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I rise to a 
move to take up the rcso- 
privileged question. 
lution of the Senate in relation to the mode of 
counting the votes for President and Vice Presi- 
dent. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 object to taking up that 
resolution now. 
I think it is 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
a privileged question. It is in reference to carry- 
inff out a constitutional provision, and I shall 
propose the usual resolution upon the part of the 
House, following the precedents of forty years 
without variation. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 submit that it is not in 
order to subinit that motion except by unanimous 
It is perfectly competenBfor the gentle- 
consent. 
man, following the rules of the House, on Monday 
to move to suspend the rules, or clse to proceed 
to the business upon the Speakcr's table, thereby 
reaching that resolution in the regular way. A 
question of privilege is a question touching the 
rights of some member of this House, or touching 
the privileges of this House. This, like many 
other duties imposed upon us by the Constitution , 
is to be exercised in the regular way, in conform- 
It does not touch 
ity to the rules of tho House. 
the privilcgcs of the House or of any of its mem- 
bers. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it 
is a constitutional requirement that thc votes shall 
be counted on a certain day; and in that aspect of 
the case, it seems necessary that arrangements 
should be made for that purpose. The Chair is 
therefore of the opinion that this is a privileged 
question. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 doubt not that the decis- 
ion of the Chair will be aflirmed by the House; 
but I feel so confident that it is wrong—I say it 
—that I re- 
with great deference to the Speaker 
spectfully take an appeal from the decision of the 
Chair. 
I move to 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
lay the appeal upon tlm table. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 wish simply to say 
that while I have, no objection to the passage of 
the resolution, I think the point of order is well 
taken. 
Mr. GARNETT. That is precisely my own 
I have no ol)jection to the resolution, 
position . 
or to the counting of the votes in a perfectly reg- 
ular way; but I am unwilling to afford any facil- 
ities against the rules of t.hc House for that pur- 
I demand the yeas and nays on the motion 
Pose. 
to lay the appeal on the table; and I call tellers 
on the yeas and nays. 
Tellers were not ordered. 
'The yeas and nays were not ordered. 
Mr. GARNETT called for tellers on the 
tion. 
Tellers were ordm•cd•, and Messrs. GARNETT, 
and WASHBURNF, of Illinois, were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
avcs 106, noes 19. 
So the appeal from thc decision of the Chair 
was laid upon the table. 
The resolution of the Senate was tvrain read. 
I offcr thc 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
following resolution : 
Resolved, 'I'llat the House agree to the appointment of a 
conunittee, consist of' five Inenlbcrs, to join said corn- 
nfit(ee on the part of the Senate. 
subject, and I hold in my hand his answer. I ask 
that it be read. 
The Clerk read the letter. 
Mr. GURLEY. 1 move that the letter of the 
Superintendent, with the letters accompanying it, 
be laid upon the table and printed. 
The motion was agreed to 
PRINTING OF A REPORT. 
Mr. MILLSON. I move that thirty thousand 
extra copies of the report of the select committee 
in reference to the abolition of tho franking priv- 
ilecre be printed. 
the motion wras refexrcd, under the rule, to the 
Committee on Printing. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the motion 
that general debate on the Chiriqui amendment of 
the Sena te to the deficiency bill close at four o 'clock 
this afternoon. 
Mr. MORSE. I hope my friend, the chairman 
of' the Committee of NV ays and Mcans, will not 
press that motion. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think we have wasted 
•—th ree 
enough timc about this Chiriqui matter 
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to the gentleman 
that hc should name five o'clock instead of four. 
Mr. MORSE. I will say to the chairman of 
the Committee of Ways and Means that thisis a 
measure which was reported by the Committee 
on Naval Affairs. No member of that committee 
has yet succeeded in getting the floor to explain 
the reasons which induced the committee to re- 
port this measure to the House. We have had 
two hour speeches against the amendment and 
one for it. The gentleman 's colleague, [Mr. STAN- 
TON,] who now has the floor, is also opposed to 
the measure, and will probably occupy the re- 
maining hour which the gentleman proposes to 
allow for this debate. Thus, Mr. Speaker, the 
Committee on Naval Affairs will be entirely over- 
slaughed, and will not be allowed the privilege of 
giving the reasons which induced us to bring the 
I hope that the de- 
measure before the House. 
bate will not be limited. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 suggest to the 
gentleman from Ohio that he do not move to go 
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of 
the Union, at this time. The gentleman from 
Maryland [Mr. HUGHES] has the floor upon the 
report of the select committee of thirty-three, and 
is anxious to proceed now, being unable to pro- 
cecd by gas-light because of a defrct in his vision; 
and hc will find it necessary, I undersland, to read 
a number of extracts. 
Mr. SHERMAN. My desire to dispose ofthis 
deficiency bill grovv'»s out of the fact that poor men 
have money duc them for printing, and other ser- 
vices about this Capitol, which is provided for in 
the bill, and they come to me. every day, wanting 
to know when thc deficiency bill will pass, some 
of t.hem saying that they are really in need. 
hope, therefore,' that we shall not continue the 
discussion of this Chiriqui matter. 
Mr. MAYNm.D. Let the deficiency bill go 
through, and Ict the Chiriqui matter stand upon 
its own merits. W c can then discuss it at our 
leisure. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I am informed by my co}- 
league, [Mr. STANTON,] who has the floor in com- 
mittee, that he is willing to waive his right, and 
•l allow thc gentleman from Maine to be heard. 
I will state that that resolution is precisely thc 
same as the resolution offcred by Mr. Jo NE s. , Mr. S'I'ANTON. Ishall not occupy more than 
ten minutes. 
Tennessee, on the 2d of February, 1857. 
It Mr. SCOTT. 1 suppose that 1, 
The resolution was agreed to. 
in part, represent upon this floor, is more itnmedi- 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re- 
! i ately and directly intcrestéd in this Chiriqui mat- 
consider the vote by which the resolution was 
ter than all the other States put together. 
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to 
my desire to submit a few remarks to the I-louse 
reconsider upon the table. 
upon the subject. Two long and able speeches 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
have been made in opposition to the unwr,dment 
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed the fol- 
of the Senate; and I hope that, considering the 
lowing committee on the part of the House: 
importance of the subject, the chairman of the 
Messrs. WASHBURNF. of Illinois' ADRAIN' CRAIG Committee of Ways and N[eans will not put the 
of Missouri, ELY, and ANDERSON of Kentucky. 
II gag law- upon us. 
I understand that the Committee of Ways and 
PRINTING OF PATENT OFFICE REPORT. 
Mr. GURLEY. A few days ago the House I Means have unanimously reported against &his 
adopted a resolution instructing the Committee amendment. That committee is certainly entitled 
I on Printing to inquire and report the causes of the io high respect; but the Committee on Naval Af- 
t delay in the printing of the mechanical portion of fairs is equal to it in every respect. Two rnmn- 
I addressed a letter to i bers of the Committee of Ways and Means have 
the Patent Office Report. 
the Superintendent of the Public Printing on that been heard, and I have no doubt my friend frotn 
