716 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
Main-e, [Mr. MORSE,] the chairmm of the Naval 
Committee, desires to be heard. 
Mr. PHELPS. Only one member•of the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Means has, spoken upon this 
q Ltestion . 
Mr. SCOTT. •well, 1 do hope the chairman 
of the Committee of Ways and Means will have 
the tnagnapimity to extend the time. an hour or 
two longer. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no .objection to the 
debate being left open to-day, with the under- 
standing that it shall close at the adjournment-of 
the House. 
Mr. SCOTT. 1 will agree to that. 
Mr. MORSE. It seems to me very evidcnt that 
we shall not get through the debate on this ques- 
tion. -Y)-night. If we am•ee to the proposition of 
the. chairman. of the Committee of Ways and 
Means that the debate shall run this evening, with 
the understanding that no vote shall be taken till 
Monday, members will go home, and we shall not 
have the privilege of exélaining to the House the 
reasons which Induced us to bring forward this 
measure. 
There is my friend from New York, who op- 
posed this measure last year, and who wishes to 
make some remarks. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my proposition. 
simply move that the rules be suspended, and 
that the House resolve itself into the Committee 
of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MORSE. I have not given up the floor. 
I want to say this— 
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. 
Mr. MORSE. It seems to me that we had better 
proceed to the debate on the report of the com- 
mittee of thirty-three to-day, and take up this 
Chiriqui matter on Monday, and go through with 
If we take that cou rse, we 
it and finish it then. 
will get along just as rapidly, and come to a close 
just as quickly as we would if we were to go on 
a littlc way to-day with it, and then go' to the 
debate on the report of the committco of thirty„ 
th ree.. 
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to the gentleman 
from Maine that hc had better accept the propo- 
sition of the chairman of the Committee of Ways 
Means, and go into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of the Union now. If we can- 
not finish this matter to-day, it can be resumed 
on Monday. 
I think the other 
Mr. MORSE. lhope not. 
way is better. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo- 
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. SHERMAN.] 
The motion was agreed -to. 
Tho rules were accordingly suspended ; and the 
House resolved itself into the Committee of the 
Whole on the state of thc Union, (Mr. BURNETT 
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of 
the special order, being the Senate amendments •to 
the bill (H. R. No. 8GG) to sur)ply deficiencies in 
the for the service of the fiscal year 
ending June 30, 1861, the pending question being 
on Mr. MORsE,'s amendmcnt to the third amcnd- 
ment of the Senate, as follows:, 
Add at the end of the amendrnent as foilows : 
Provided, 'I'hat no part of the sum hereby appropriated 
shall be drawn from the Treasury u ntil after sueh conditions 
and rezulations I'lavc been established I.)Y the. President in 
performance of all the provisions of the smne, as will fully 
protect the United States agninsr. the failure or incapacity of 
sald 'Thompson or said Chiriqui Improvernent Company 
to fulfill its stipulations-: Provided.further, That the United 
States shall acquire no right of sovereignty over any terri- 
tory ill the Republic of New Granada or Costa Rica, nor 
any. right to transport troops or munitions of war over such 
territory under or by virtue of (he contract. recited in this 
act, u-niexs the satne be v.oluntarily consented to by sai(i 
Republic. 
The Senate amendment, being as follows: 
l'o enable the Secretary the. Navy to carry out the 
is proposéd. here to appropriate $300,000 for the 
purpose of acquiring certain privileges for this 
Government within the jurisdiction and territorial 
limits ofa foreign nation, which that nation has 
expressly refused to grant, which we have no right 
to claim, and the attempt to exercise which would 
be,an act of hostility against a. friendly Power, 
and in fact would be an act of war. I suppose, 
Mr. Chairman, that the only valuable right which 
this Government can acquire by virtue of this 
contract with the Chiriqui company, is the right 
to transport over thisxailway troops and muni- 
tions of war, and -whatever else the Government 
may desire to transport over it; and to establish 
naval stations, depots, at the two termini of the 
road . 
Now, if I can undcrstand this contract at all, 
these are rights which the grantees are expressly 
precluded, bv thc terms of the contract, frorn giv- 
Ing to any föreign Government. They are rights 
! which this Government cannot claim without a 
violation of the law of nations. 'We have friendly 
relations existing with this foreign Government; 
and the moment wc undertook to exercise rights 
under this contract we would violate these frien dly 
relations. How that diffculty is to be avoided Ido 
not comprehend. Does not every gentleman see 
that, as a matter of course, no nation can, in the 
nature of things, permit a foreign Power to acquire 
iurisdiction of this kind within her territorial lim- 
'its? The right to transport troops, munitions of 
war, articles contraband of war—the right to ex- 
ercise iurisdiction in its harbors, to control all the 
sovereignty of the State within whose jurisdiction 
these rights are to be given —are things utterly 
inadmissible and at war with the law of nations. 
It is a right x.vhich cannot be conceded without an 
essential surrender of the sovereignty of the na- 
tion within whosc limits it is to be given. These 
rights are, as I understand it, the consideration 
for which wc are to pay the sum of You 
are to pay this money on the promise of Messrs. 
Thompson & Co. that they will acquire and trans- 
fer these rights to this Govrnment, and that they 
will construct a railroad from the Atlantic to the 
Pacific across the Isthmus. You are to pay the 
money; and if these gentlemen build the road, 
why, it is all very well so far, if you can get the 
privilege to transport troops across it or to use it 
at all; but if not, then there is an end to the whole 
business, and the $300,000 is gone. 
I know 
You are to pay this money on trust. 
that the gentleman from Mpine, the chairman of 
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. MonsE,] 
proposes that it shall •not be paid until the Presi- 
dent shall take such security as he may think 
necessary for the fulfillment of the contract by 
Thompson & Co. I do not choose to trust it in 
the hands of the President. It seems to me, Mr. 
Chairman, tl'lat, in times like these—when the 
Government is about falling to pieces; when the 
I Treasury is being plundered; when loan biils are 
being passed by Congress—we ought to know 
very well that we arc acquiring something valua- 
ble we appropriate $300,000 for a purpose 
of this kind. 
That is all I havc to say. These arc facts which 
present themselves right on the face of the report, 
and do not need any elaboration. How geiltle- 
men can support this measure, passes my com- 
prehension. I am told that there is a good deal 
of lobbying all around. I do not know how thet 
is. Gentlemen from Pennsylvania are very anx- 
il ious to defeat it on account of their coal; and the 
Panama Railroad Company are anxious to defeat 
it because it might interfere with their interests; 
and the Chiriqui company are anxious to get this 
appropriation; and therefore it is said that there 
[Mr. SiCRLDS•,] and as far as that portion of the 
subject is concerned, I would respectfully suggest 
to members to read in the Globe ot to-day the views 
presented by the gentleman from Missouri, and 
the overwhelming, demolishing, and crushing re-• 
ply of the gentleman from New York. 
In fact, 
if I had a disposition to allude to the argument of 
the gentleman from Missouri, my sympathy for 
the bleeding wounds inflicted on him bv the gen- 
tleman frorn New York would forbid •my doing 
so. The gentleman from Missouri, without any 
cause, without any charge being made, gratuiö 
tously denied t_hat any lobby influence was at 
I work to defeat the. Chiriqui route. This is rather 
suspicious; or why this denial before a charge 
was made ? 
Now, in regard to the matter of lobbying, I here 
declare, that-I have it from the most undoubted 
authority, that there is a monopoly at work—a 
monopoly which has been the curse and bane of 
rny State; a monopoly which has ground down 
and oppressed the seven hundred thousand inhab- 
itants on the Pacific coast; a monopoly which hag 
defeated the Nicaragua route; a monopoly which 
has broken down the rrehuantepec route, and 
which now rears its brazen front to break down 
this Chiriqui route. I allude to the Panama Rail- 
road Company. I do not mean to say—and far 
be it from me to member of this 
House has been improperly approached on this 
subject; but I have reason to believe that there are 
some persons from the city of New York, who 
have assumed the livery of Heaven to serve the 
devil in," at work' to perpetuate the Panama rail- 
road monopoly and to break down this Chiriqui 
route. It is a monopoly of the most outrageous, 
monstrous, and infamous kind, and stinks in the 
nostrils of every- honest man on the Pacific coast. 
Mr. PHELPS. As the gentleman from Cali- 
fornia is noticing some allusions I' made the othec 
day, I desire to say that some of the friends of 
this amendment approached me, and alleged there 
was an influence at work on behalf of the Panama 
Railroad Company to prejudice their rights and 
defeat the amendment of the Senate. remarked 
at that. time that, being upon the committee which 
was charged with the examination of this subject, 
I had yet to be approached by a single person out- 
side of Congress who was opposed to the passage 
of this arnendment; but tha.t I had met several 
gentlemen outside of Congress who were urging 
the adoption of the amendment of the Senate. I 
alluded to the subjectin consequence ofthe remarks 
I had heard, that agents of the Panama Railroad 
Company were here for the purpose of breaking 
down this contract with the Chiriqui Improve- 
ment Company. I. stated that, so far as my in- 
formation extended, no opposition had been pre- 
sented here to the confirmation of this contract 
upon the part of the Panama Railroad Company. 
Mr. SCOTT. I state it upon the most unques- 
tionable authority that the Panama Railroad Com- 
pany are opposed to the approval of this contract, 
as they have opposed and broken down the op- 
position on the Nicaragua route and on the Te- 
huantepec route. I do not blame them for it. They 
have $10,000,000 invested in this road, which pays 
them twenty per cent. per annum upon their in- 
vestment. It is well known that they have a sink- 
ing fund for the purpose of wiping out every at- 
tempt that shall be made to establish an opposition 
to their monopoly. Sir, with a capital of the sum 
Of paying them an interest of twenty 
they can well afford to devote ten per 
per cent. , 
I cent. for the purpose of crushing out all opposing 
enterprises. And it is this Panama Railroad Com- 
pany which raises its front here in opposition to 
the confirmation of this contract with the Chiri- 
qui company by the Secretary of the Navy; noth- 
is a good deal of lobbving about it. 
Mr. STEVENS, o? Pennsylvania. I ask the ing else. 
But, sir, let us examine and see what the priv- 
gentleman whether he has heard any member 
I from Pennsylvanialobbyingagainstthismeasuro? 
ileges of the Panama railroad are. As i said 
conditional contract Inade by him with the Chiriqui rm- 
21st day of May, 1859, for the -purpose of eceuring to the! Mr. STANTON, Not a word. I have heard before, for six long years, we on the Pacific coast 
have had our necks under the heel of the Panama 
United certain valuable privileges and no lobbying on any side. No one has approached 
tied in said contract, and which said contract is hereby me to say a word about it. 
I Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Chairman, my remarks on 
approved, $300 NOOO. 
On which Mr. STANTON was entitled to the this amendment will be as brief and concise as 
possible. It is very evident that the House is get- 
floor. 
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, 1 propose to ting tired of the subject. 
I shall not take a legal 
occupy the attcntion of the committee for' but a or a constitutional view of it; will I even at- 
tempt to answer the arcrument made by the. gentle- 
I have Inade no elaborate investi- 
föw minutes. 
gation on the subject; and I desire simply to pre- man from Missouri [Mr.PHELps]afewdayssince. 
sent an idea or t•wo that lie on the surface, and That duty has been well and faithfully performed 
about which there cannot be any controversy. it by the d.istinguished gentleman from New York, 
Railroad Company. It is true that the progress 
of the Pacific coast has been unprecedented in the 
annals of history; it is true that California has, 
in the short space of eleven years, from a popu- 
lation of less than twelve thousand persons, risen 
i to a State containino• not less than five hundred 
thousand freemen; but it is also true that, instead 
of that number of inhabitants, we should have 
exceeded a million, if our communication with 
the Atlantic had not been blocked up by the out- 
