1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
717 
order to meet this objection, and to remove this i in the bay of •Panama, in . order, -that, our vessels 
raoeous monopoly of the Panama Railroad Com- 
obstacle, an expedition was sent out under Cap- may take in thoif supplies; and {hat, _ too. after 
puny. As stated by the distinguished gentleman 
the enormous charges for transportation. 
, tain Engle, with instructions to examine the har- 
from New York, [Mr. SICKLES,] that company 
It is said that this will injure Pennsylvania. 
i bors , and to examinc the soil •in respect to the ex- 
chaiges twenty•five dollars per head for every 
istence of coal there. You have the report of the say that it will not. And let me say to the• Rep- 
human being who passes over that forty-seven 
In regard rcscntativesofthe1Vew EnglandStates, of the, mid- 
offcers of that expedition beföre you. 
xniles of road. They charge nine dollars per ton 
to the harbors, they say they are suffciently large II (Ile States, of.the western States, and of the south- 
for the transportation of coal. Why, sir, by pay- 
for the navies of the world to ride upon. You have ern States, that Ibeirpeopleare directly interested; 
ing them the liberal pricc of two cents per mile 
also the geological report, with specimens of coal for, sir, the tariff fixed by the Railroad 
per ton, the cost of' freight would only mnount to 
that have been excavated, showing that it exists Company for transportation amounts almost to 
ninety-four cents per ton—the same as charged 
there in inexhaustible quantities. You have the i' a prohibition. Those engaged •in trade,- express 
by the Reading company, Pennsylvania; yet for 
report of the expedition, and thcir surveys in companies—everybody, indeed, who wishes -to 
every -ton of coal this Goverrnrnent is required to 
spect to the practicability of the route for the con- sel'id packages between the Pacific and the Atlan- 
transport over that road, they require the pay- 
struction of a railroad. And now comes up, after tic States—are interested in helping a competi- 
ment of nine dollars; and they require the payment 
thc explosion of the above sta'tements, the ques- -tion to this oppressive Panama monopoly. What 
Of $1 84 per cubic foot for the transportation of 
tion, or the now dodge, in regard to the legal title is when we consider that we are now 
all other merchandise. The Government is coin- , 
of Ambrose W. Thompson and the Chiriqui Im- paying fourteen dollars a ton on this side and 
pelled to pay fourteen dollars per ton for the coal 
provement Company to the right of way for a twenty dollars onethe other, and that by appro- 
it uses at Aspinwall on this side, or twenty dollars 
priating it for this purpose by which the Govern- 
! railroad across the Isthmus of Chiriqui. Mr. 
per ton upon the Pacific side, for all that is used 
l; Chairman, I have ever been taught to respect the ment will save at least $130,000 •a •year. 
for thc supply of the Pacific squadron. Now, sir, 
opinions of those Who are older and have, hud a opcn these coal rnihes in -the Chiriqui Isthmu.ssin 
the fact seems to have been iffnored in this dis- 
than two years every dollar now appropri- 
larcer expcriencc thun vselt'. 
cussion that this Government will save a heavy 
'i'hc gentleman frotn •Missouri may be well ated will be returned to the 
expense in the cost of its coal by entering into the 
if so, his reputation as II a few years Government will be repaid tenfold 
proposed contract with Ambrose S'V. 'I'fiompson 
known as a good lawyer; 
I! for the present expenditure. 
I -trust that the 
such was never known to me; but, sir, I think 
and others. 
House will concur in the Senate amendment. 
that lie is more distinguished as a politician. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 would like, with the consent 
I-lowevcr that may be, the fact is that the weight Mr. PORTER obtained the floor. 
of the gentleman, to state, a fact in connection 
Mr. HOLMAN. With the permission of my 
of authority and of argumel'lt on this sul)ieet is 
with the matter of the cost of transportation to 
colleague, will give notice of my intention to 
I have taken pains to in- him; and I must beEievc that the evidence, 
which he is alluding. 
offer the follow ino- amendment: 
authoritv, and arguments, spread out in otu• pub- 
form myself in regard to the point the gentleman 
lic docununts, are to be taken as superior to any Nor until the. Republic of Costa Rica shall have confirmed 
II 
from California is now making; and the result 
: i to the United States the rights of property and franchises, 
to which has been drawn from that information dict•tenn that he rnay throw out. 
I i which the said Ambrose. W. "I'ho:npson, and the said Chi* 
Who, sir, are the parties upon whom we rely, 
is, that the price of fare for the whole rou te from 
riqui hnprovement Corn pany have, by-their contract witb 
the imnoense importance of tl-his 
the Secretary of the Navy, conditionally transfV,rred and 
New York to California is the cheapest in the and who report 
world, considcring the distance; and second, that II acquisition by the Government? They are our proposed to secure to tbc United States. 
the railroad tariff across the Isthmus is the dearest own officers, who have acted solely in the line of i Mr. PORTER. MI'. Chairman, I could not 
l. their duty. The Secretary of the 'Navy has rec- 
in the world; that thirty thousand is the average 
number of passengers annually between the ports i ommendcd this purchase, and the Attorney Gen- 
of New York and San Francisco; that the aver- eral has examined all the title deeds, and has 
age rate of fare is #100 each, of which $25 is paid I. passcd his judgmont that they are complete and 
proper in forlT1. The Senate of the United States 
to the Panama Railroad Company for carrying 
have sent this amendrnent to this I-louse by avote 
them over forty-seven miles of railroad; $'2t2 50 1, 
of 36 to 5. A distinguished gentleman of that 
is paid for che steamship route of twenty-five 11 un- 
dred miles from New York to Aspin wall, and i body, whosc legal ability is unquestioned and un- 
#52 50 from Panatna to San Francisco; and the i Mr. FESSENDEN, of Maine— 
$22 50, for carrying them twenty-five hundred I is satisfied ill regard to these title deeds. Mr. 
t CLARK, of New Hampshire, another distinguished 
miles, includes from eight to ten days' board. 
member of that body, who opposed this question 
At the period when the passengers sverc taken 
for $50, during the existence of opposition routes at the last session of Congress, has since exam- 
ined it, and is now in favor of carry inc out the 
from New York to San Francisco, $25 out of the 
$50 was still paid to the Panama railroad, leaving contract of the Secretary of the Navy. And again : 
one of the most astute metnbers of the Senate, t be 
only $25 for the carriage of passcnoers six thou- 
sand miles. The Panama Railroad ConQpany chairrntlli 01' the Committee on Finance, who has 
been the watchful guardian of the r l'reasury, and 
would not listen to any appeal to reduce their 
fare. The question now is; will the Housc of never was knowr) to recomtnend or vote n dollar 
which would not bc for the benefit of his country— 
Representativcs encourao•e, the continuance of that 
have been tempted to engage in. the present dis- 
cussion, but should have sat here silently and 
voted against the pending Senate amendment, 
were it not that the bankrupt condition of the 
Treasury and the civil commotions with which 
not to engage in any expenditures which are not 
urgently and immediately required by the wants 
of the Government. 
The gentleman from California, [Mr. SCOTT,) 
in thc earnest rernarks which he just made, 
has endeavored to pcrsuade the House that the 
question to be decided by voting. for or against 
the Senate amendment is, whelber we wilf sup- 
port and encourage the present monopoly of the 
Panama Railroad Company or destroy that ino- 
i nopoly by gravitinff moderate aid to a rival enter- 
If the appropriation sought would, if 
prise. 
made, really accomplish the latter obiect, there 
would be little opposition to it in this House. 
II 
r I'he question 
T allude to Sel'H1tor 1-1 UNTER, of Virginia—has But, sir, that is not the question. 
Inonopoly, or will they provide for breaking 'it. 
is, whether, if it shall be made, we shall receive 
warmly advocated this Chiriqui purchase. There- 
up? These are the ihcts. 
fore, when Ill')on the one Sidc are these Senators, II any equivalent whatever? Sir, it seems to me to 
Mr. SCOTT. I am much indebted for tho sta- 
I the Attorney General, the Socrctary of the Navy, be dernonstrable, that the Chiriqui company and 
tist.ical infortnation furnished by t.hc gentleman 
and the commission of the Government, and upon N/ir. 'Thompson have no right to construct a rail- 
from New York; and I here vouch for the correct- 
road from the Chiriqui lagoon to the of Gol- 
the other merely the gentleman from Missouri, I 
ness of fact stated by him, for I have my- 
must be pardoned for preferring to follow the fito, nor across the province of Chinqui, at all. 
self trave\ed the route several times. 
Ibrmer than to fonow thc Incre ipse dicit of-the Nov have they even a right to. construct a mac- 
Here is another point. In thirteen years the con- 
adamized road across that province. The grant 
tract of' the Panama Railroad Company witli the . member from Missouri. 
from the of *New Granada to the 
New Granudiat'l Govcrnmelltexpires. Under that t Now, Mr. Chairman, I will briefly sum up. 
, , Pananna Railroad Company to construct their 
land between 
cont ract, u pori the payment by the New Granadian If these parties have the ti to the 
railroad across the Isthmus of Panama confers 
the Chiriqui lagoon and the City of David, as 
Government of the sum of $5,000,000, the rail- 
' the ex- 
road goes in fee-simple, with ail its privileges, to 
that Government. Now, every gentleman knows 
that it is perfectlv easy for New Granada to raise 
$5,()00,000 in France, in England, or in Chis coun- 
try, at six per cent. ; which, witli the presentearn- 
ings of the road, would givc them a clear profit of 
fourteen per cent. upon In fact, the 
citizens of this Govern!nent would have to pay a 
profit of' fron'l one million five hundred thousand to 
two million dollars annually to a foreign Govern- 
ri(Fht of transit across the Isthmus. 
naent for the 
You will then have no inter-ocpanic commutiica- 
with the States upon the Pacific, and will be 
upon that c,0Lnpany, in express terms, ' 
i i they allege they have, 1 presume there is intelli- 
(Fence enough in the Department to sec that every- clusive privilege of establishing a railroad bett.vcen 
thing is gained by t,hc Governrnent stipulated by the two oceans, across the Isthmus of Panama;" 
I have no doubt that and further provides that, during the ninety-nine 
the terms of tho contract. 
it will be seen to that these parties have tbe power years of exclusive Drivilege thus conceded •to that 
Io confer thc they prmnise before the company for the establishment of railroads from 
final arranæemcnts are made, and this #300,000 one ocean to the other, the Government shall 
neither itself make, nor grant to any other com- 
It is a well-known rille of law, that 
paid over. 
whenever a party toacontract fails to fulfill its stip- i i pan y whatever, under any title, the power to es- 
} i tablish anotheriron railroad or macadamized road, 
ulations, then tho contract becomes null and void. 
serving as a means of communication between the. 
In all contracts there must necessarily be a quid 
two oceans, across the Isthmus of Panama. The 
pro quo; and therefore this Government is not 
Isthmus of Panania embracos not only the pro- 
ooing to be drawn into a bargain where it gains 
posed route of this projected Chiriqui raiiroad, 
dopehdent entirely upon the mercy or courtesy of nothing for the money that is proposed to l.)e ap- 
but the province of Chiriqui. If gentlemen 
a foreign Power för the enjoyanent of that riffht. 
propriated. 
Everything, sir, has been the action of will refer to out treaty with New Granada, made 
Now, sir, let us look at the facts of the case. 
Last year, the legality and validit.y (_)f• the consti- Congress, so far as this mat.tcr has proceeded. after the grant to the Pallama Railroad Company, 
(9 United States Statutes at Large, p. 897,) they 
power of this Goverjiment to establish 'The reports w•'hich have been laid before us in 
! favcn• of the. contract are those. of our own officers. will see that the Isthmus of Panama expressly 
was never disputed. rllhe 
coal depots 'at Chiriqui 
recognized as extending to the southern bound- 
I: iVill this House repudiate the expedition which 
gen tle:nan from Pexmsylvarna STEVENS] SUT- 
it sanctioned? Look a.t the saving, too, in respect i: ary of Costa Rica, which is also the northern 
gested [hat there was no sufficient of the i! 
boundary of the of Chiriqui. 
existence of coal on the Isthmus of Chiriqui. 'l'hat of the supplies of coal for our Navy on the Pacific. 
Sir, our approved geographies show the same 
the point made arrainst thedistinguished chair- This Government is now paying this infamous 
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs last year, Panama railway monopoly fifty cents per ton a thincr. New Granada is divided into four cantons 
when he advised the approval of this contract, as month for the privilege of storing its coal upon •i and thirty-six provinces. One of these cantons 
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy. In li one of the little islands belonging to that company is denominated the " Isthmus' 
