118 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 2, 
-musr of Panama—and embraces four provinces, 
one of which is the province of Chiriqui. 
This, sir, shows with perféct-plainness, that if 
the Government of New Granada had undertaken 
to grant to the Chiriqui Company or Mr. Thomp- 
son, a right to construct a railroad, or even a 
macadamized road, across the province of Chiri- 
qui, or across any part thereof, with a view to 
connect the two oceans, the grant would have been 
wholly void, as being in direct violation of its 
contract with the Panama Railroad Company. 
And if, under such a grant, an attempt.were made 
to Construct the projected Chiriqui railroad, the 
courts would be constrained, by the plainest prin- 
ciples of law, upon- the application of the Panama 
Railroad Companyj to enjoin the of 
the work. And this, sir; is the railroad privilege 
for which we are invoked to make a -vast appro- 
priation; and to shut our eyes, demand no secu- 
rity, and havc faith that all will be well! This is 
the way in which the Panama railroad monopoly 
is to bc broken up, and such golden fruits are to 
be dropped into our lap! Sir, our credulity, 
though.great, can hardly be thus practiced upon. 
Sir, it is due to the intelligence of the Secretary 
of the Navy to say, that in his contract with the 
Chiriqui company and Mr. Thompson, he does 
ndt stipulate for a right of transit over a railway 
or for the construction of a railway; nor does he 
even stipulate that the company shall improve the 
old provincial roadway granted, with certain lim- 
itations, to Mr. Thompson.' The stipulation is 
simply for a right of transit over the roadway, 
which could be of no value to the Government 
whatever. The right to construct a railway, the 
practicability of the cntcrprise, and its value to 
the Government, seem to have been an after- 
thought, morc fully to insure the confirmation of 
thc contract by this House. 
Mr. SICKLES. If I understand the point made 
by the gentleman—and if I have failed to do so, 
it is not for the want of close attention, but on 
account of the diffculty of hearing—hc objects 
because the territory upon which the road is to 
be constructed is not within the jurisdiction of 
Costa Rica,' and thereforc it is not covered by tho 
contract of 6th July. 
Mr. PORTER. I do not know t.ho datc of the 
I will soon allude to that point if thc 
contract. 
gentleman will allow me to proceed; and at that 
point I will thank him to interrupt me. 
The Govern ment of New Granada acted in good 
faith when it made its grunt to Mr. Thompson; 
and it. did not contemplate a grant to him of the 
right to construct a railway. rllhe contract is 
plain. I will now read from it: 
1. An exclusive privilege for sixty years 
hereby conceded to Ambrose W. Thompson, for improving 
in a solid Inanner, fit for thc transit of wheeled vehicles, 
and maintaining in good condition, the provincial road 
opened illnre tl)an fourteen yearg ago, between this clt.y 
and Bocas del •roro ; which starts froni this capital, crosses 
the Cordilleras, and terniinates at Chiriqui lagoon, on the 
Atlantic.. r]'lec period tnentioncd in this articlé, shall date 
frotn the day when the. Unprovement. or the road shall be 
entirely ccnnpleted according to the tenns of this con- 
Mr. Thompson is to •incintain and improve the 
old provincial road. rro constructa railroad would 
supersede and destroy it, and not maintain and 
improve it. 'I*hc context shows that, by the term 
wheeled vehicles," railroad cars were not meant 
to be included, and repels the idea of a railroad 
grant. Article seventeen provides that— 
'The full time for which this privilege is given havincr 
expired, the province of Chiriqui shall enter in full posses- 
Sion of all the properties belonging to the. enterprise, that 
iR, the wharves, bridges, toll-houses, ofhees, docks, store- 
houses, &c., and alt the things belonging to the road, with- 
out Mr. 'Phompson receiving any indetnyity whatsoever ; 
he being bound to deliver over the road, with all its appur- 
tenanccs, in the same state in which he has kept it during 
the period of thc privilege." 
Who ever heard, sir, of a toll-house to a rail- 
road? What was meant was what was said—that 
this company should improve and maintain the 
old provincial common highway, and mighterect 
ton-gates 10 collect tolls thereon. 
Something has been said here about a grant 
by the Government of Costa Rica to this Chiriqui 
company to construct a railroad. Why, sir, the 
southern boundary of Costa Rica is many miles 
from either terminus of this projected railroad; 
and this railroad, at no point, touches the terri- 
tory of Costa Rica. 
Mr. SICKLES. It is right at this point that 
I desired to interrupt the gentleman. That posi- 
tion is accurate, perhaps, with reference- to the 
former limits and boundaries between Costa Rica 
and New Granada,' but it is not correct with refer- 
ence to the present boundaries and limits since 
the new treaty of limits and boundaries between 
New Granada and Costa Rica. 
Mr. PORTER. I thank the gentleman for 
alluding to that matter, for L have the treaty here; 
and reference to the map accompanying this sec- 
ond report will show that I have spoken in view 
of that very treaty. What does that treaty say ? 
That the river Doraces, Dorces, or Dorados, designed 
by article fort.y-one as the dividing line of the two repub- 
lies on the Atlantic side, is the first river a short distance 
to the east of Monkey Point," Ec. 
This river is not only far north of the eastern 
terminus of this projected Chiriqui railroad, but 
not less than sixty miles distant from the north- 
ernmost part of the Chiriqui gulf itself. 
Mr. MORSE. Let me ask the gentleman which 
road he is arguing about ? 
Mr. PORTER. 1 am arguing about the road 
which this commission has reported upon. 
Mr. MORSE. The last report of the commis- 
sioners ? 
Mr. PORTER. Yes, sir; that one. An exam- 
ination of the map will show that this railroad is 
not at any point, according to my understanding, 
•within fifty miles of the southern boundary of. 
Costa Rica. 
Mr. MORSE. I would state that this gulf of 
Golfito is within the boundaries of Costa Rica; 
and I believe the road, under the new treaty in 
reference to boundaries, is within Costa Rica. 
There is an unsettled boundary there. The maps 
state it both ways; but there is a treaty between 
the two Governments, not yet ratified by Costa 
Rica, by which Costa Rica gives up some lands 
upon the lagoons, and Granada some lands 
upon the gulf of Golfito. The gentleman will find 
that thc road starts from the territory of Costa 
Rica. 
Mr. PORTER. If my friend will refer to the 
contract. between the Chiriqui company and Costa 
Rica, hc will see that the railroad which it allows 
MI'. Thompson the privilege to construct is from 
fifty to a hundred miles north of the gulfs of Chir- 
iqui and Golfito. 
But it is enough for my present ar«rt.unent that 
it is north of it at all. It would be enough for my 
argument if one quarter or one third of this rail- 
road, as projected, is to be constructed within the 
territorial limits of New Granada; for neither the 
Government of New Granada, nor any province 
thereof, has granted the right to Mr. Dhompson 
or the Chiriqui company to construct a railroad 
at all; and if they should undertake to make one, 
the grant would be void, because of the previous 
exclusive grant to the Panama company. I ask 
'Tentlemen who are doing me the honor of listen- 
Ing to my remarks to examine this matter for 
themselves, and tliey will find that buta very small 
part of this road—I do not believe any pai t—• 
within the jurisdiction of Costa Rica. Nor docs 
the contract of the Secretary of the Navy provide 
for a right of transit upon any railroad, or other 
road, in Costa Rica. 
If there be any doubt left concerning the right 
of the Chiriqui company and Mr. Thompson to 
construct the projected railroad, it will be dispelled 
by a reference to the lelter of the Attorney Gen- 
eral of the United States, where he says, concern- 
ing the contract of the New Granadian Govern- 
ment with Mr. Thompson: 
It must also bc romcnibere,d that this grant of a road- 
way does not include any right to niake a railroad. 
Then we have the opinion of the Atlorncy Gen- 
eral of the United States, the treaty with New 
Granada, the grant to the Panama Railroad Com- 
pany, the grant of the Provincial Legislature of 
Costa Rica, all repelling the idea ofa right, on the 
part of this company, to construct a railroad in 
the province of Chiriqui. The only right acquired 
by virtue of this grant of the New Granadian Gov- 
ernment and the contract of the. Secretary of thc 
Navy with the Chiriqui company, is the supposed 
right to transport our horses, our seamen, our 
troops, and munitions of war, over a common 
provincial highway. But, sir, as if to show how 
utterly valueless the contract of the Secretary wi th 
this Chiriqui company is, it is expressly provided 
in the grant of the New Granadian Government 
that the troops and munitions of of no foreign 
Government shall be transported over that high- I 
way, except by the express authority of that Gov- 
ernment. 
It has been gravely argued that, under the con- 
tract with this company, we acquire the invaluable 
right to use certain harbors within the gulfs of 
Chiriqui and Golfito. Sir, has the Government of 
New Gh•anada parted with its.jurisdiction overany 
of its harbors? No, sir; nowhere. Does this com- • 
pan y even own the land around all or most of the 
harbors? Nothing before us shows any such 
thing. We obtain from this company no right 
to use harbors.which we have not always enjoyed. 
If we wish to obtain any enlargement of our rights, 
the Government of New Granada, and not this 
company, is the authority to which to apply. 
Sir, a most important consideration is yet to be 
presented. The contract between Mr. Thompson 
and the Government of New Granada provides 
for a forfeiture upon any " infraction or default" 
of Thompson in complying with any of its con- 
ditions. What assurance have we that when we 
have paid our $300,000, some infraction or dc- 
fault may not at once destroy the whole value of 
our contract? Indeed, it may readily be seen how 
it might become the interest of the company to 
commit such a breach, or allow such a default, to 
get rid of the burdens of their contract. 
shall have very little to say, sir, about the 
much-boasted right to the use of coal conferred by 
this contract. The masterly argument of the gen- 
tleman from New York [Mr. POTTLE] has made 
further argument on that subject superfluous. 
is not shown that this company have acquired a 
right to all the convenient coal-beds in the prov- 
ince of Chiriqui; and it is likely that we could 
acquire coal privileges on better terms from the 
If the supply, too, is 
Granadian Government. 
inexhaustible, as is pretended, the company will 
always find it to its Interest to dispose of It at a 
fair price. If not inexhaustible, I may add that 
it is not at all clear, under the contract, that our 
Government will have an exclusive right to its 
use. For this coal we are to pay ten cents per 
ton, and the cost of mining and delivery. Who 
shall determine the cost? Sir, between shrewd 
individuals on the' one side and the Government 
on the other, it is not difficult to sce who.will de- 
termine it, and in whose favor it will be deter- 
mined. The cost, practically, will be whatever 
this company chooses to charge; if, indeed, it 
chooses, after receiving the money, to perform 
any part of the contract. 
Herc, Mr. Chairman, is an opportunity, when 
our Treasury is bankrupt, our revenues cut short, 
our securities sold at a ruinQus sacrifice to raise 
means to carry on the Government, here is an 
opportunity to throw away a third ofa million dol- 
laps. Here is a chance, by a prodigal expendi- 
ture of borrowed money, to purchase rights w}iich 
we already enjoy, and privileges utterly empty 
and illusory. • It will soon be seen whether we 
will embrace it. 
Mr. MORSE then obtained the floor , but yielded 
Mr. DAWES, who moved that the committee 
rise. 
The motion was agreed tb. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed the chair, Mr. BURNETT reported tha-t 
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union had had under consideration the state of 
the Union generally, and particularly the amend- 
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill, and had 
come to no conclusion thereon. 
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS. 
The SPEAKÉR. The Chair desires to state 
that there is some inconvenience felt by the Com- 
mittee on Enrolled Bills, and they desire the ap- 
pointment of an additional member on the com- 
mitte.e. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 presume there will be no 
objection to that. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes not; but 
the Chair did not feel at liberty to appoint an addi- 
tional member of the committee without first con- 
sulting the House. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Do 1 understand that one 
of the members of the committee has resigned his 
place upon it? 
'l"heSPEAKER. No, sir; one ofthemembersof 
the committee [Mr. THEAKERI desires to go home 
on a visit, and the other [Mr. DAVIDSON] is sick. 
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. THEAKER,] who 
