722 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4, 
•we are told that the laws must be enforced; 
the hardihood to deny. Here is a treaty promise 
to protect tliat property, that state property, in that I that the revenues must be collected; that the South 
Territory, bcforc it should become a State. That i 
is in rebellion without cause, and that hcr citi- 
this liromise was openly violated, in the adjust- 
zens are traitors. 
ment forced upon the South at the time of the ad- I Rebellion! 'l'he very word is a confession; an 
mission of Missouri, is matter ofrecorded history. avowal of tyranny, outrage, and oppression. It 
The perspicuous and unanswerabloexpositicm of is taken from the despot's code, and has no terror 
Mr. Justice Catron in thc opinion delivered bv him 
in the Dred Scott case, will remain through all 
time as an ample vindication of this assertion. 
If, then, sir, the people (if Louisiana had a right, 
"¯which Congress could not deny, of the admission 
into the Union with au the rights of all the citi- 
zens of the United States, it is in vain that the 
partisans of the right of the majority to govern 
the minority with despotic control, atternpt to es- 
tablish a distinction , to her prejudice, bet wecn her 
rights and those of any other Slate. The only 
distinction w Iiich really exists is this: that she can 
point to a brcacl) of treaty stipulations expressly 
guarantying her rights, as a wrong superadded to 
those which have impelled a number of her sister 
States to the assertion of their independence. 
The rights of Louisiana as a sovereign State, 
are those of Virginia; no morc, no less. Let those 
who deny her right to resume delegated powers, 
successfhlly refuie the claim ot' Virginia to the 
same right, in spite of her express reservation 
made and notified to her sister States when she 
And, sir, permit 
consented to enter tbc Union. 
me to say that, of all the causes which justi?v the 
act-ion of the southern States, I knovv' none of 
greater gravity and more alarming magnitude than 
that now developed of the denial of the right of 
secession. A pretension so monstrous as that 
which perverts a restricted agency, constituted by 
sovereign States for common purposes, into the 
unlimited despotiS1ii of the majority, and denies 
all le"ititnate escape i*roili such despotislü, when 
powers not delegated are usurped, converts the 
whole constitutional fabric into the secure abode 
of lawless tyrnnny, and degrades sovereign States 
into provincial dependencies. 
It is said that the right ot• secession , if conceded, 
makes of our Government a Inerc rope of sand; 
that to assert its existence imputes to the framers 
of the Constitution the folly of planting the seeds 
of death in that which was designed for perpetual 
if this imputation were true, sir, It 
existence. 
would merely prove that their offspring was not 
exempt from that mortality which is the cornmon 
lot of all that is not crcated by higher than hu- 
mau-\ power. But it is not •so, sir. Let facts an- 
swer theory. For two thirds of a century this 
right has been known by many of the Slates to 
be, at all times, within their power. Yet, up to 
the present period, when its exercise has bccomc 
indispensable to peopie menaced with absolute 
extertninati0\'1, there have been but two instances 
in which it has l.'een c ven threutcned seriously: 
thc first, when Massachusetts led the New Encr- 
land States in un attempt to escape from the dan- 
Insl war with Great Britain; 
the sec- 
gers of our 
ond, when the sun-ic Slate proposed to secede on 
account of the ad:uission of rrexas as a new State 
into the Union. 
Sir, in the language of our declaration of seces- 
Sion from Great Britain it is stated, as an estab- 
lished truth, that " all experience has shown that 
mankind are more disposed to suffer while evils 
ure sufferable, Lhaii to right then-nselves by abol- 
ishing the forms to which they have been accus- 
tomed." And nothin'-* can be more obvious to 
the calm and candid observer of passinc•r events 
than that -the d isrnption of the Confi•deracy has 
been due, in great rneasure, not to the existence, 
but to thc denial of this right. Few candid men 
would refuse to admit that the Republicans of the 
North would have been checked In their mad ca- 
for other than slavish souls. When, sir, did mil- 
lions of people, asa single man, rise in organized, 
deliberate, unimpassioned rebellion tvainst jus- 
tice, truth, and honor? Well did a great Engfish- 
man exclaim on a similar occasion : 
" You Inight. as well tell me that they rebelled against the 
that they rejected the f'ruits ot' the carth. 
li"llt of heaven ; 
Men do not war against their benefactors; they are not 
Inad enough to repel the instincts ot• self-preservation. i 
pronounce fearlessly Lhat no intelligent people ever rose, 
or ever will rise, against a sincere, rational, and benevolent 
authority. No people were ever born blind. Infatuation 
is not. a faw of human natnre. VYThen there is a revolt by 
a free people, with the consent ot• all classes of 
society, there must be a criminal against wii01n that revolt 
is ailned. 
Traitors ! Treason! A y, sir, the pcoplc of thc 
South imitato and glory in just such treason as 
glowed in the soul off-lampde_n ; just such treason 
as leaped in living flame froin the impassioned lips 
of Henry; just such treason as encircles witli a 
sacred halo the undying namo of YVashinRt.on ! 
You will enforce the laws. You want to know 
if we have u Government; if you have any au- 
thority to collect revenue; to .wring tribute from 
an unwilling people? Sir, humanity desponds, 
and all the inspiring hopcs of her progressive im- 
provemcnt vanish into empty air at the 
which crowd on the mind at hearing repeated, 
with aggravated enormity , the sentiments against 
which Chatham launched his indignant thun- 
dcrs nearly n century ago. The very words of 
Lord North and his royal master arc repeated 
here in debate, not as quotations, but as thc spon- 
taneous outpourings of a spirit the counterpart of 
In Lord North 's speech, on the destruction of 
'l the tea in Boston harbor, 
he said; 
VVe arc no longer to tc bet'.veen let'i*lation and 
taxation; we arc now only to or not we have 
ant/ authority there. 
clear we have none 
suil'e.r the property of our subjects to be 
destroyed. We 
Inust l)unish, or yield to then)." 
And thereupon he proposed to close the port of 
Boston, just as the Representatives of Massachu- 
setts now propose to close the port of Charleston, , 
in order to determine whether or not you have any 
It is thus that, in 1861, Boston is 
authority there . 
to pay her debt of gratitude to Charleston, which, 
in the days of her struggle, proclaimed the gener- 
ous scntirnent that " the cause of Boston x,vas thc 
cause of Charleston." Who, after this, will say 
that. Republicsarcungrateful? Well, sir, the states- i 
nun of Great Britain answered to Lord North 's 
yield." T 1110 courtiers and the politi- 
appeal, 
said, punish," control." The result is 
known. History gives you the lesson. Profit 
by its teachings. 
, address sent under the royal 
sicrn-rnanual to Parliament, 
it was invoked to 
take r•neasures " for better securing the execution 
of the laws," and acquiesced in the suggestion. 
Just as now, a senile Executive, under the sinis- 
ter influence of insane counsels, is proposino•, with 
to secure tbc better execution of the 
your assent, 
law's," by blockading ports and turning upon the 
people of the States the artillery which they pro- 
vided at their own expense for their own defense, 
and intrusted to yöu and to him for that and for 
no other purpose. Nay, even in States that are 
now exercising the undoubted and most precious 
rights ofa free people; where therc is no seces- 
sion; where the citizens. are assembling to hold 
peaceful elections considering what course of 
reer, had they been convinced of the existence of action is demanded in this dread crisis by a due 
Let the sovereign authority of this country over the 
colonies be asserted in as strong terms as can be devised, 
and be inade to cxtend to every point of legislation what- 
ever, so that we may bind their trade, confine their manu- 
factuyes, and exercise every power, except that of taking 
money out OJ • their own pockets unthoug the-iT consent." 
It was-reserved for the latter half of the nine- 
teenth century, and for the Congress of a Repu>lic 
of freemen, to witness the willing abnegation of 
all power, save that of exacting tribute. What 
imperial Britain, with the haughtiest pretensions 
of unlimited power over dependent colonies, could 
not even attempt without the vehement protest of 
her greatest statesmen, is to be enforced in aggra- 
vated form,ifyou can enforcp it, against indeÖend- 
ent States. 
Good God ! sir, since when has the necessity 
arisen of recalling to American legislators the les- 
sons of freedom taught in lisping childhood by 
lovino• mothers; that pervade the atmosphere we 
have breathed from infancy; that so form part of 
our very being, that in their absence we would 
lose the consciousness of our own identity ? 
Hoaven be praised that all have not forgotten 
them; that when we shall have left these fmniliar 
Halls, and when force bills, blockadds, armies, 
navies, and all the coercive appliances 
of despots shall be proposed and advocated , voices 
shall be heard from' this side of the Chamber that 
will make its very roof resound with the indignant 
clamor of-outraged freedom. Methinks I still hear 
rin&irp inm ears the appeal of the eloquent Rep- 
resentative Hon. GEORGE H. PENDLETON, of 
Ohio] whose northern home looks down on Ken- 
tucky's fertile borders: .nrtnies., anoney, blood, 
cannot maintain this Union; justice, reason, peace, 
tnay. ' 
And nom,v to you, Mr. President, and to my 
brother Senators, on ail sides of this Chamber, 
I bid a respectful farewell; with many of those 
from whom I have been radically separated in po- 
litical sentiment, my personal relations have been 
kindly, and have inspired me with a respect and 
esteem that .1 shall not willingly forget; with those 
around kne from the söuthcrn States, I part as men 
part from brothers on the eve of a temporary ab- 
sence, with a cordial pressure of tho hand and a 
smiling assurancc of the speedy renewal of sweet 
intercourse around the family hearth. But to you, 
noble and generous friends, 'Who, born beneath 
other skies, possess hearts that beat in sympathy 
with ours; to you, who, solicited and assailed by 
motives the most powerful that could appeal to 
selfish natures, have nobly spurned them all; to 
you who, in our behalf, have bared your breasts 
to the fierce beatings of the storm, and made will- 
ing sacrifice of life's most glittering prizes in your 
devotion to constitutional liberty; to you, who 
have made our cause your cause, and from many 
of whom I feel I part forever, what shall I, can I 
say? Nought, I know and feel, is needed for my- 
self; but this will say for the people in whose 
narne I speak to-day: whether prosperous or ad- 
verse fortunes await you, one priceless treasure 
yours—the assurance that an entire people honor 
your ntunes, and hold them in grateful and af- 
flectionate men-lory. But with still sweeter and 
more touching return shall your unselfish devo- 
tion be rewarded. When, in after days, the story 
of the prcscnt shall be written ; when history shall 
have passed her stern sentence on the erring men 
who have driven their unofferiding brethren fronl 
the shelter of their common home, your names 
will derive fresh luster from the contrast; and 
when your children shall hear repeated the famil- 
iar talc, it will be with glowing cheek and kin- 
dling eye, their very souls will stand a-tiptoe as 
their sires are named, and they will glory in their 
lineage from men of spirit as. generous and of 
patriotism as high-hearted as ever illustrated or 
adorned the American Senate. 
MISSION or PEACE FROM VIRGINIA. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order 
this right, and the intention to assert it. The very 
knowledge of its existence, by preventing occur- 
rences which alone could prompt its exercise, 
would have rendered it a most effcient instrument 
in tho prcscrvationof the Union. But, sir, if the 
fact w'ere otherwise 
—if all the teachings of ex- 
pericnce wcre reversed—better, far better, a rope 
of sand, av , the flimsiest gossamer that ever glis- 
tened jn the morning dew, than chains of iron, 
and shackles of steel; better the wildest anarchy, 
with t hc hope, the chance, of one hour's inspira- 
Lion of the glorious breath of freedom, than ao•es 
of the hopeless bondage and opprcssion to which 
our enemies would reduce us. 
regard for their own safety and their own liberty; 
a y, even in Virginia herself, the people are to cast 
their suffrages beneath the undisguised menaces 
ofa frowning Cannon are brought to for to-day is the rnessage of the President of the 
bear on their homes, -and parricidal hands are Uniied States, communicating the resolutions of 
preparincr weapons for rending the bosom Of the Virginia. The Chair will state, however, that the 
mother of Washington. 
unfinished business of the last adjournment is 
Sir, when Great Britain proposed to exact trib- the bill to provide a temporary government for 
ute fi•orn your fathers against their will, Lord 
the TerriLory of Jefferson. 
Chatham said; 
Mr. GREEN. I suggest that that territorial 
Whatever is a rnan's own is absolutely his own; no bill be passed over informally, in order that the 
bag a right to take it from him without his Senator from North Carolina may proceed. 
Whoever attelnpts to do it, at-tetnpts an injury. WV hoever 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears 
does it, conimits a robbery. You have no right to tax Alner- 
no objection. The Chaii• will then take up the 
I rejoice that America hus resisted." 
