724 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4, 
the Union, and the seventh, Texas, has probably I 
though Mr. Lincoln may have said that tbe war 
gone out during the past week. There are causes l, 
must never cease until slavery is abolished, and 
in operation which will inevitably, too, if they 
that he hoped during his tifetime to see this result 
In 
are not arrested, drive out other slave States. 
produced, yet, under the existing Constitution, 
North Carolina, in Kentucky, and in Virginia, 
he will not be able to effect it; and we are told 
for example, a large number of the people now 
that we ought to wait, at least, for overt acts. 
are waiting to see if' there can be any proper ad- 
Now, sir, when an honorable Senator tells me, 
justment. If it fails—if some such scheme, as the 
for example, that he stands upon the Georgia 
honorable Senator from Kentucky has offered, is 
piatform, and that he is ready to resist its viola- 
not adopted, a large and powerful body of con- 
tion, 1 give him credit for the utmost sinc.erity; 
servative men will at once go to the side of the 
but I tell you, Mr. President, as a Kentuckian, 
secessionists. Even if that does not carry out 
as one wbo represents a conservative and a bor- 
those States, there is onc 0th er contingency , u t•gen t 
der State, I do not beiievc, if we submitted now 
and pressing, which will do it. Your State, sir, 
to this election, that those overt acts would be re- 
has determined, by an almost unanimous vote of 
sisted. Take, for example, the fugitive slave law. 
her Legislature—and so has Virginia—that any 
If it were repealed-twelve months hence, it might 
attempt to coerce the seceding States should be 
be said that this law violated grossly northern 
resisted by force. True, gentlemcn say they are 
sentiment; that it was very inefficient; that we 
not for coercion, but they are for enforcing the 
did not recover more slaves under it than we did 
laws and collecting the revenue. will enter 
undertheold law; that we would be simply throWn 
into an arcument to prove to any Senator that tins 
back to where we were in 1850; and the border 
If I were met on the highway by a 
States, being those most interested, ought first to 
IS coercion. 
man, with a pistol in hand, and he should say that 
move, and no resistance would in fact bc made. 
he had no right to rob me, but that he meant to 
Again: suppose the Wilmot proviso, or the cx- 
take my money, and would use force to accom- 
clusion of slavery in the Territories, was adopted: 
plish his purpose, I should not cntcr into an argu- 
it would be said, this was what had been often 
ment with that man to convince him that this was 
done; it had beén repeatedly passed, and cvcn 
robbery. So, when honorable Senators tell me 
sanctioned by southern men, that slavery never 
that they are for enforcing the laws, I will not 
would go into the Territories. This question was 
argue that this is coercion. All that Great Britain 
a mere abstraction, and the question would be 
ever demanded in the Revolution was, that the 
asked, Will you dissolve this glorious Union 
colonies shouid obey the acts of Parliament, und 
for a mere abstraction?" 
I do not think there 
pay such taxes as she imposed; and there was no 
would be resistance by the southern people after 
day, during that long struggle, when, if George 
they had been demoralized by submission to 
Washington and his compatriots had agreed to 
Lincoln. 
pay the taxes and obey the acts of Parliament, 
Again: suppose slavery were abolished in this 
that the British armies would not have been with- 
District: it would doubtless be done with com- 
pensation to the owners. The people of the North 
drawn . 
This is the only sort of coercion that is ever 
would not object, of course, to paying a small 
used among civilized nations. Great Britain, 
amount for that purpose, and those who arc favor- 
France, Russia, or any other civilized country 
able to a high tariff might bc very willing to make 
docs not send out armies to shoot down peaceable, 
the leading 
that expenditure. Even now, sir, 
All they require is, that the laws 
obedient men. 
Republican journals are discussing the propriety 
should be obeyed and the t.axcs paid. This idea 
of buying ull the slaves in Maryland your State, 
of sending out armies to kill people who arc obc- 
sir, and in Missouri and Delaware, and thereby 
It is done 
I dient prevails only amono' savaoes. 
malKing them free. 'I'his proposition finds favor. 
in Africa, where one necro community turns out 
If, therefore, slavery in this District were abol- 
It was the mode of en- 
ished in that way, it would be said, 
and destroys another. 
w hat right 
forcemcnt used among the aborigines of this coun- 
has South Carolina, or North Carolina, or any 
try, when one Indian tribe went outand destroyed 
other State, to object?" While these things were 
another. Thcreföre, when Inonorable Senators 
going on, you would see a division to some extent 
tell rne that they are ITOt för coercion, but they 
created in the South. 'I'here arc, in all communi- 
are for enforcil)g• the laws, I understand them as 
ties, discontented elements; there are everywhere 
simply saying that they are civilized rnen, and 
who are ready for change and ripe for revo- 
mean to resort to that process which prevails in 
lution. So powerful is this element in most coun- 
civilized nations, and not amono savages. 
tries in the world, the people have to be kept down 
They suppose, Mr. President, that they will be 
by force. There is, perhaps, not a country in 
able to have a little war; and I have been aston- 
Europe where there -would not bc a revolution 
ished, in conversing even with Senators, to say 
every ten years if it were not for the arms and power 
nothing of the newspapers, to find that the idea 
of the Government. But whena Government un- 
prevailed that you could have a small war, con- 
(lertakcs to foment revolution, it is omnipotent; 
fincd to the blockading ofa ports, and that it 
and I have no doubt that, with all the patronage 
would stop therc. At an early day of this ses- 
and all the power which a Republican President 
sion, my attention was called to a plan, coming 
could bring to his aid, with a free post office dis- 
frorn a distinguished source, in which the opinion 
tribution of abolition pamphlets, you would see a 
was maintaincd that there wcrc not at that time, 
powerful division in portions of the South. In the 
in several ofthc planting States, provisions enough 
mean time, the forts and arsenals could all be well 
to support the people for two rnonths; and that cer- 
occupied and strengthened, and all the public arms 
tainly, with all they could get, by June they would 
removed from the southern States. Last winter, 
be starved out and brought to terms of submission 
bcfhre these d ifficulties happened , when Mr. Floyd 
by a simple blockading of their ports. 
made an order directing the removal of arms from 
tonished that such an idea should have been enter- 
the norlhcrn to the southern Slates, though he 
tained in the quarter from which it came. Why, 
removed less than half of them, he was vehemently 
- ] sir, everybody familiar with the South knows that 
denounced for it. You are too well read in hlS 
those States have ample means of livinqr until the 
tory not to remember that Carthage was destroyed 
next crop is produced. 
because she permitted the Romans, under a prom- 
If you could enforce a strict blockade, there is 
ise of good treatment, to remove all her public 
no country on the earth that it would injure so 
arrns; and if the South, in that condition, with 
little as the South. All that is mad'e in the Uni- 
additional armaments in all the forts, with some 
ted States can be produced there in the greatest 
division among our people, and threatened with 
l')ecrro insurrection, and deprived of all share in II abundance, as fur as axriculture is concerned, and 
the public arms. were then to resist morc serious we might manufacture everything on earth that 
is needed; and, if the whole cotton crop were de- 
acroressions, we should fight under great disad- 
vantages, and, perhaps, if not subdued, have a tainedathome,it would not, in a material degree, 
long a•nd a bloody struggle before us. 
afiéct our ultimate prosperity. I say that, if the 
say, therefore, to the honorable Senator from wortli of' cotton which is annually 
sent from the slave States, were kept there, or 
Kentucky, in all sincerity, that, in my judgment, 
never produced, we might still be one of the most 
the issue which his State and mine have to determ- 
there shall be a manly resistance prosperous countries on earth; but how would it 
ine is, whether 
now, or whether our States shall become freé be with Europo and the North? Can they do 
neo•ro communities. It is nay deliberate judgment without cotton? 
It was said, boastingly, at an early stage of the 
that, if this issue had met with no resistance, the 
be, •in fact, so powerful. When this panic began, 
and ' Aher kinds of property felt, cot.ton rose 
rapi y. The monarch had but to waive his scep- 
ter and the bankers of the east opened their cof- 
fers and sent a stream of gold across the Atlantic 
in ships such as old Neptune never saw when his 
trident ruled the Mediterranean. Neptune 's power 
was limited to the sea. Alexander claimed to 
have conquered the world ; but hisdominions were 
confined to Asia and the territories on the shores 
of the Bosphorus. Julius •Cæsar, a still mightier 
monarch, ruled only on the eastern continent. 
King cotton governs-two hemispheres, and dom- 
inates on land and sea, and the kings of the East 
and the merchant princes of the West obey his 
bidding. Most fortunate was it for New York 
and the North that his power was unbroken; for 
when the panic was progressing everywhere, and 
the banks were faihng, and traders were being 
ruined, and New York itself was staggering and 
likely to go down with the mercantile interest of 
that section, producino• wide-spread misery, it 
was this stream of gold which came Europe 
that upheld the New York banks, and enabled 
them to sustain the merchants, and prevented 
scene of ruin such as we have not hitherto seen. 
Suppose New York had lost that gold; suppose 
the cotton which her ships were enTaged in car- 
rying had gone out in foreign vessels directly to 
i Europe—above all, sir, suppose it were kept ut 
home, and that neither the North nor England 
could obtain it: you would see such a commercial 
revulsion, such a panic, such a pressure, as has 
not been known in a century. Things would in- 
deed look as if chaos had returned to assert his 
ancient dominion over the world. I find a short 
extract in one of the British papers, the London 
Chronicle of January 18. which cornes to me in 
the mail this morning, that illustrates the view 
that they are now taking in England of this 
danger: 
" 'Rhe question is, in fact, little short of life and death. 
Ruin to Inerchants and ilhill-owners, and starvation to the 
rest ot• the population, haug immediately in thc balance. 
One year's Failure of the Atncrieålll crop, or posiponement 
ot• the Atnerican supply, would produce calanfities worse 
than any war or fanline within Inodern experience." 
That is the statement of a British organ, not at 
all friendly to us and our institutions. 'l'he south- 
ern coast is too extensive to be actually block- 
aded by the greatest naval Power on earth; and 
do you think Great Britain and France would re- 
gard a rnnre paper blockade? You know they 
would not; they could not afford to do it; and It 
would never be effective if attempted. Again, sir* 
as was said by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. 
SLIDELL] this morning, the wholc ocean would 
swarm with privateers, and the northern ship- 
owners would find themselves deprived of our 
freights, and also liable to capture on the high seas. 
But, I ask, does anybody suppose that the '.var 
would stop there? Does anybody suppose for one 
rnoment that the people of the South would sit 
dosvn quietly and be cooped up in that way ? No, 
sir. They would march until they found an en- 
emy on land; and with two thousand miles of 
fronticr, stretching from the Atlantic to the ex- 
treme VVcst, does anybody really suppose they 
would not find vulnerable points? ask gentlemen 
what is to prevent nn attack upon this capital ? 
This city could be destroyed by an army that did 
not cross the Potomac. A shell could be thrown 
from Virginia into this very Senate Chamber. 
1 
do not say this by way of menace; but to let gen- 
tlemen sec that there is no difficulty in findino• 
points of collision; and lest I should be suppose 
to insinuate that there on foot a plan tö attack 
this capital, 1 wish to disclaim emphatically an 
purpose of any design to with it as far 
as I know or believe. This capital is not of the 
smallest consequence in a military point of view. 
It was said by a great commander that, as to for- 
tificd places and cities, he would leave them to 
the end of the war; for they were the prizes svhich 
fail to the conqueror. 
'Chis is eminently true of 
It is obliged to follow the fate of 
this District. 
the territory around it. Though the whole South 
were anxious that a northern should 
be kept here, if Maryland and Virginia, or Vir- 
ginia alone should leave the Union, we all know 
(hat the North would not find it to bc to its in- 
terest to keep a capital either surrounded by for- 
reign territory or on its border. 
I should regret 
latter alternative would have been the result. session, that king cotton was dethroned. There • deeply any struggle for a place like this, which is 
But, sir, six States have resisted, and are out of never was a time I.vhen that monarch seemed to of no value in a military point of view, and which 
