would impel the country into civil war; but I am 
free to say, that if a war b&insdown in the Soutll, 
it is as likely to comc up here as to any other point 
that I know of. It cannot be confined to Charlcs- 
ton harbor; it cannot beconfined to Pensacola; but 
when it begins there, it will find its way perhaps 
to this very city. 
Gentlemen will see that, with these two thou- 
sand miles of frontier, it is practicable to have 
war, and it would certainly occur, a regular old- 
fashioned war, if the present line, of policy be con- 
It is so 
tinued. There can be no doubt about it. 
clear to any gentleman who reflects, that I do not 
think it necessary to enlarge upon it. 
But it is sometimes said that, if a war begins, 
the North, being the n'iore powerful of tho two 
sections, will certainly be able to overrun the 
1861. 
ments went abroad, and our own people occupied ing to this mode, and their Indian empire would 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
725 
No human ingenuity can find any other result. 
The best course, undoubtedly, would be to adjust 
things now, if possible, on a satisfactory and per- I 
manent basis. The next best is a peaceable rec- 
ocynition of the in dependence of tbc seceding States ; 
and the worst of all, but inevitable if neither of 
tell gentlemen, if 
the others be taken, is war. 
they sit still war will make itself; 
it will come of 
its own accord. Look now at the condition of 
forts in the South. They were originally built, 
mainly to protect those States in which they are 
situated, as a portion of the Union, but there wcré 
some additional reasons for their erection. When 
States secede, the Government is entitled to be 
paid for its property, undoubtedly; but the States 
have a moral and a political right to occupy, and 
they will hold those fortifications in thc cnd. 
may say, in rclation to the rnanner in which they 
South. Mr. President, there are a million and a 
half of men in the s!avehoiding States capable of came to be taken, something by way of explana- 
bearing arms; and it is generally supposed that 
a country can maintain permanently In the field 
onc sixth of its able-bodied men. That calcula- 
tion would afford two hundred and fifty thousand 
men for a fighting force. You must recollect, 
however, that among our four million slaves there 
are at least two million laborers. This circum- 
stance would largely increase the force we coul(l 
I have no doubt that a million 
keep in the. field. 
of men at home, with all the slaves, would carry 
on our industrial occupations, while we might 
have at {cast four or five hundred thousand men 
capable of being kept in tl'lC field. Such a force 
would certainly require an immense sum ofmoncy 
to rnaintain it; but a community slrug•pling for 
existence will not count the cost of armtunents. 
How will it be in the North? You ought to 
havo a larcrer force than this to enable you to carry 
how are i 
on war abroad. Suppose it is no larger: 
you to keep in the field a body of four hundred 
thousand or five hundred thousand tnen? At the 
outset, I grant that your bankers might come for- 
ward, and. enable you to begin the, war on credit; I 
but all wars of any length cannot bc nvaintåined 
in that way. The exports of the free Slates are 
generally less than hundred millions; and 
your imports can be no grcater, without draining 
you of specie. Any tariff you can impose will 
arivc no more money than you will want. to sup- 
port your Government in time of peace. put this 
matter to gentlemen seriously, because it is wcll 
enough to look at these things now; for in a few 
weeks we may have then) upon us as actual real- 
I aslc Senators to exercise no greater fore,- 
.si(Yht. than at') y farmer •enanifests when, iri the spring 
of the year, he provides for the cennino autumn 
'I'hesc issues may be upou us in u 
and \vintor. 
Ccw weeks. 
Now, do you believe that you can get your peo- 
tion. On the last day of December, 
there '•.vcrc 
orders issued from the War Department, for the 
II is true, that 
purpose of sending troops South. 
late in the evcnino, perhaps as late as eleven 
o'clock, these orders were countermanded; but 
in the moan time, telegraphic dispatches wore sent 
to the South, and a number of forts were taken. 
In my own State, on the day following, the 1st 
of January, we were advised there was a similar 
movement on foot, and a dispatch wont dDwn 
which prevented it, by assurances that the 
orders had been countcrnmnded. Not long after- 
t.he sending down of the Star of 
wards, however, 
the VI cst occurred, other reports of hostile move- 
member, that China had earnestly resisted the 
seizure of her people by British agents, and done 
all in her power to suppress this trade in the 
bodies of her subjects. 
Of this coolie trade i need not speak. Every- 
body knows that it is vastly more inhuman than 
the slave trade was in its worst days; that the 
proportion of Chinamen who arc destroyed in 
Cuba, and other countries to which they are sent, 
is vastly greater than chat of Africans who perish 
under the slave trade, and in the countries to which 
they are carried; but yet, if the papers are to be 
relied upon, Great Britain is improvmgon the old 
coolie traflic; and instead of holding them to labor 
for eight years, she is going to work them for 
twenty years. Eight years wassuffcicnttodestroy 
three fourths of them, I think; and they are novv 
i going to try itfor twenty vears•, and my friend from 
Missouri [Mr. POLK] 'uggests that she makes 
them pay their own passage back. That is, she 
will take Chinamen, bring them to her colonies 
to work for twenty years, and then let them pay 
their passage home, if they survive till that time. 
I do not say these things with any view of creat- 
ing ill feeling against Great Britain; but look at. 
her line of policy. Her humanity does not pre- 
vcnt her allowing the enforcement of the collec- 
lion of rents in India by torture. A commission 
of the British Parliament has shown that thou- 
sands of Indian people were tortured to death by 
the most infernal devices that the wit of man ever 
imagined; yet that does not stop, because they 
say they cannot collect the rent without resort- 
some. of tho forts ill North Carolina; but they be valueless. Great Britain's hatred of slaverv 
were informed again that there was no purpose does not prevent her recognizing Turkey, a coun- 
on the part of the Government to reinforce them, try where they hold slaves of all races and all 
In fact, Great Britain went to war with 
colors. 
and they were 
I mention this in order that Senators may un- Russia to prevent the destruction of that verv 
derstand the ani•jnus of our people. They do not slaveholding Government. 
want to interfere with thc Government property; But it is supposed that Great Britain has such 
they do not mean to interfere willi its rights while a sympathy and friendship for the North, and 
it may be disposed to do thern justice; but they that there is such a feeling upon this slavery ques- 
do not intend that these forts shall be used for I tion, that she would not recognize a revolting 
their oppression. Of what use is Fort Sumter slaveholding southern confederacy. Great Brit- 
to the Government of the United Slates, unless ain and Portugal had been on the most friendly 
terms for a century. Little Portugal was a pro- 
If things 
it be to vex and harass Charleston ? 
remain as thcy are now, with Lhc undcrstanding tegéofGreatBtitain; and Great Britain took many 
a fight on her hands for the sake of little Portu- 
tl'lat. these places are to be held by the Govern- 
ment, or rctakcn, of course you will have war; it I gal. She loved her like an orphan child; but her 
is oblicyed to come on. And this presents rove for- Portugal did not prevent hct• recocnizincr 
Brazil, when that country revolted, and estab- 
itself to honorable Senatep.s: had you rather have 
or do you prefer doing something to lisbcd its independence. England and Brazil (the 
this war; 
you let I hincys remain as they are, greatest.s}avcholding country in the world, except 
avoid it? 
until Mr. Lincoln comes into power, with the our own) are now on terms of the closest friend- 
I well understood purposc of holding the forts in 
But Senators will, perhaps, tell me that she has 
the South, to compel those States t.o pay taxes 
abolished slavery in Jamaica and the West Indies. 
to, and obey the laws of, what is now a foreio•n 
ole to consent to an enorrnons svstezn of you leave them no alternative but to It would be an old story for Ine to argue that that 
taxation for Ehe merc purpose of subjuga us? take those forts by force. 
However, just to re- 
I repeat, if under these \vas a political movement. 
fresh the minds of Senators, let me read a short 
circcunstances you stand still, ali the world wikl 
po [)ulal-ion, your 
From tbc very natu re of you k' 
extract from what Sir Robert Peel said in 1841; 
ind ust.rial occupations must suffer rnorc than ours. know that you rnean to havo war. 
I am sorry to sce, Mr. President, that many on for what was suid twenty years a«ro is likely to be 
peonle are in 
l')orlion of your 
cornnu•rce, and others in niannfact.urcs; and they the other side, instead of tneeting these questions a reality now. In the debate on the sugar duties 
•depend partly upon us for freights, and partly, ! i as think they ought to do, are* laboring under 
he said: 
It was imposs:ble to look to the discussions in the Uni- 
Doppived of • these, you must strange delusions. M/ hen Senators—I refer par- 
also, for rnarlcet.s. 
ted States or America, and especially to the conflicts be-- 
ticularly to the Senator from Mississippi, 
b , id le, discoutented,and sufferixagciass. 
alave u 
tween the northern and southern States, without seeina 
greater difficulty to be D A v:s,] who has left. , and the Senator from Vir- 
that slavery in that nation stood upon aptecarious Iboting." 
herc is, besides, a still 
encountered you. A large portion of your h ginia Mr. 1--1 of the evils of war, 
'I'hat was his view in 1841; and in loss than 
it was trumpeted far and 
, and deprecated thorn, 
poorslo believe that you arc wronu• in this move- 
twelve months after, you find him making this 
wide through the North tbat the South was afraid 
declaration: 
ment. 
and was begging for peace. There 
of the result, 
When, Mr. President, thc war broke out in 
'l'hat the sterling expended in the iVest 
I have yet to sec tbc 
never was a orca ter :stalce. 
India etnancipation would be well repaid by the effect the 
-A L' ned Chatham said, on the floor of the 
tnan who believes his section 
abolition of slavery would have in the (Jilited States, Cuba, 
Puri iatnent: 
coald be d; bat, in speaking of (hc evils 
and B raza." 
that bas resisted; three peo- 
these gentiernen show that I hey have 'These declarationsexplain the policy which dic- 
as to consent to beconae 
counted the, cost of the ent(-srprise, and arc wiliino tated the. West India emancipation. Now, Mr. 
slaves hecouae the of znuking 
Presider)t, I beg gentlemen not to be deluded by 
to hazard all its c.01)sequencc.q 
a still greater delusion under l! all they sec in i he English papers. There is, no 
But another and 
V ill {ind hundreds and thousands of men i, 
risinr_r up in 1110 North and holding this langna(-re which I think Republicans are laboring is, that a doubt, a great deal of ignorance in Enøland about 
and refUsino a cord sul)porl to your war meas- southern confederacy would not bc recocrnized by this country. I read the other day, and have 
the great Powers of the earth. Do they Bot know read it again and again in the English papers, 
perhaps, a ionc, and 
bloody war, a peace would be made, leaving the that it is a well-settled principle to recomnize de 
that the plantations at the South were all rnorl- 
two secti01'lS widely separated in feeling. When facto Governments? Oh, yes; but they suppose gaged to the North; and that the nem•oes and 
that the humanity of Great Britain will prevent 
peace of 17b3 was made with Great Britain, 
these States would have united with any civilized 
Power u pon eat'Lh soonet• than Wilh her; and you 
may rnalce, by such an attempt, a permanent sep- 
arauoa and lastincr enmity. 
I say, then, Mr. 1) resident, that one of three 
contingencies is inevitably before. you: either a 
settlet-uent of these difiie,ülties such as will be sat- 
isfi'ctory and arrest the m ove•lnont•, or a rcco«yni- 
tion of a peaceable separation; or tl'lirdly, war. 
i her recognizino• a slaveholdinff community. Let 
us look a little to the acts of that Government. 
Its humanitv did not prevent its waging war with 
China to compel the Chinese to take opiutn for 
the benefit of her India colonists. She is just now 
concluding a war Wilh China; and one of the very 
objects—if the newspapers are to be relied on—to 
be effected is the right to take coolies from China, 
and transport them -to the British Colonies. Re- 
, , lands M,rere, in fact, owned by the North, and if it 
were not that the North supplied the tneans, no 
cotton could be made. Any opinion of British 
papers founded on such delusions as these is not 
worth much to anybody. Butl do say there is 
now a great deal of intelligence among the well 
informed in England in relation to our country, 
and they evidently understand things far better 
now than they did formerly. 
Suppose, then, it was the purpose of Grcat Brit- 
