726 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4, 
ain. as was intimated by Sir Robert Peel, to make 
use of this anti-skavery rnovement with a view of 
breaking down slavery in the United States, 01' 
a dissolution of the Union: gentlernen 
may ask me what motive Great Britain has to de- 
think she has at least four 
sire such a result. 
powerful reasons, any one of which of itself 
mi&ht be sumcient to direct her action. Her great 
rival on the seas now is the United States. The 
North furnishes the ships, and the South the 
freights. I may say to gentlemen that, an-:orp 
those freights furnished by the North, tillere is not 
a great-deal of bulk. The gold of California could 
be carried in a small ship; and manufactures of 
the North take up a little space; but tho cotton, 
the tobacco, the rice, the naval stores, and, in part, 
the breadstuffs of the South, mainly furnish the 
freights for the immense northern shipping. Sup- 
pose Great Britain can succeed in dividing your 
ships from our freighls.• it reduces America com- 
paratively to a small Inat•ititne Power. That is 
one powerful motive. A second onc is this: Great 
Britain is seeking to carry her manufactures into 
all the countries of the world. They are now 
kept out of the South by this tariff of twenty and 
thn•ty per cent. , because the North has that ad- 
vantage; but if the South becomes independeYlt, 
British goods and northern goods come to us ex- 
actly upon the same terms; and I saw enough of 
prices in Europe, a little more tban a year ago, to 
know that our northern friends will find their in- 
dustry very much supplanted by an equal tariff 
between their goods and those of Great Britain 
and other countries. While the. South would be 
a great gainer by this operation, as well as Eng- 
land, the North would lose immensely. 
But there is a third motive which would natu- 
rally operate on the British Government, and to 
The United States has. 
some extent on others. 
now over thirty million people. 
In twenty-five 
years we shall probably bavc rnore than sixty 
million. If the Union continues, in fift.y years 
from this (lay we ought to have onc hundred and 
twenty million. We certainly shall have rnore 
than a hundred million. We will be a Power so 
great that we might control civilization; and it is 
very natural that an ambitious nation like Great 
Britain should be wilfing to cut that Power down. 
MT e would do the same, perhaps, in a similar 
position. 
But, Mr. President, there is a fourth reason 
It is x.vell known that re- 
which operates on her. 
publican ideas and liberal principles are making 
great progress in Europe; and the governing 
classes, the privileged classes there, are struggling 
against them. The division of this Union would 
throw back liberal ideas fbr tcn years, perhaps 
twenty—God only knows how long—in F,uropc. 
These four powerful unotives may operate upon 
the British Governmeflt, and indeed those. cspe- 
cially interested in its success as at. present organ- 
ir,'.ed, to regard a (lissolution of' the Uni011 of these 
States as erninently advantageous. 
Now, suppose that a certain class—I do not 
pretend that the whole people are so—but suppose 
sacracious persons in Europe wished to 
this result: what would they do? They kilow 
Times of the 18th of January, which came to me in 
the mail this morning, and which shows that they 
now at least understand pretty well the condition 
of things in this country. 'I'hc Times, I need not 
: emark, is the best exponent of British opinion 
in the world, I think fuily and fäirly reore- 
scnts British feeling and British prejudices, as it 
I is undoubtedly the-ablest paper in the world. I 
ask the Secretary to read that extract. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
if Georgia, Florida, Ala- 
If South Carolina secedcs ; 
bå\na, Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana fellow; it-a south- 
i ern tOderatioh be formed, and takes its place among the 
Powers of the earth, there can be no hope of keeping the 
border slave States. These will be drawn by a natural af- 
finity to detach themselves from' the North and join tho 
slaveholding fbdcration. North Carolina, Tennessee, Ken- 
tucky, Missouri, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, will then 
be dissociated from the free States. Such an event cannot 
be regarded without. dismay by the most staunch abolition. 
1st. It would, in thct, nvakc the southern löderation the 
real United States, as thr as territory, present and prospect- 
ivc, is concerned, and reduce the North to what our ances- 
tors would havo called a ' rump.' 'l'hc pcople of Boston 
or Philadelphia rnight bc distinguished for thcir ability alid 
enterprise, but they would belong to a country with hardly 
a greater future than Canada. Every natural advantage 
would be on thc side of the slave States. Look at tile rnap, 
and you will sce what a narrow slip of country cornposes the 
frec soil of the Aznerican federation. Only the sea coast frozn 
the British frontier to the Delasvare—a few hundred miles— 
belongs to it; all the rest, stretching away dos•vn thc 
Atlantic and along the Gulf of Mexico, is in the hands of 
'Ili'e moutb of the Mississippi is theirs ; 
tbc slaveowners. 
the Missouri and Arkansas, the great arteries ot• the ex- 
tremo -West, are theirs. Virginia pushes a spur of terri- 
tory to vvithin less than a hundred miles of Lake Erie, and 
thus divides the Atlantic free States from the West in a 
manner highly dangerous to their future union. Indeed, it 
is doubtful whether the connection between New York and 
New England on the one hand, and Eilinois and the neigh- 
boring States on the other, could long survive the totai sep- 
aration of the South. 
'i'hc North would havo a territory as 
straggling as that of Prussia. and the western region would 
soc-jn find it advantageous to dissolve its union with the 
eastern. 
[n the rnean tune, all the riches of the Nev.' World would 
bc in the grasp of the southerners. Instead of explorin«y 
the inhospitablc regions in the neighborhood the British 
frontier, which would bc all that to the North, 
unden iable property 
the slave owrners would carry thei 
into lands blessed with every advantarre of clilllate soil, 
aud ntincräil wcalth. 
']'CXiLS has territory enough to llM1ke 
three or four areat States. New' *'Mexico is about to be ad- 
mitted with slave institutions. 
Arizona will ii)llow. Mex- 
ico xnust in a tow years be conquered, and the southerners, 
lords ot• the rnost Inagniticcnt dornain in the world, "'ould 
control the passage betwecn the t 'vo oceans. 
In short, if 
the Union lets Carolina go. there is no saying what 
may go with it. It is very well tbspcculatc on the return of 
an ring sister, but experience shows tl!at sccossjmxs, when 
once n-.a(ie, are, not. easily reca\led. It is the nature of crack* 
to widen, and both at the North aud West there are lnasscs 
or peopic so curliest. in thie advocacy of strong Ine..•asure.s to 
prevent a disruption t.hat the President rnay bo törced i31to 
For our own part, whatever opinions 
active tncasures. 
Ainericans Iliay Ilavc of policy, we beg to assure 
thorn that in this country there is only onc thc 
Union lilay survivc this terrible trial. Should Providence 
deerce it oti')etwise, Ive earnestly pray that thc separation 
Illay bc an amicable one. Civil war in a flourishing court- 
try and a•nong 2 kindred people, can never he contetnpkated 
without horror by a nation like ours; and we trust that 
neither the violence of the people nor the weakness of their 
leaders will briner this calanlitv on the Arnerican Union. • ' 
IVIr•. CLINGMAN. Mr President, 1 think 
that. illustrates pretty wcli the line of argument 
which I have been endeavorinty to make, that Sen- 
ators on the other side of tl'le Chamber will find 
themselves wholly mistakel) if they imagine that 
that the North is very sensitive to British opinion, Great Britain and France will not recognize us. 
while the South is not at all so. The South, they 
know, will march forward with its own ideas and 
views, without regard to what may be said in 
England; but the North sensitive to their 
opinion, what morc natural than that the Lon- 
don Post, which is understood to bc Lord Pal- 
mcrston's organ, should corne oat in article, after 
article, tellin& the North, 
if they now give way, 
they will be utterly disgraced; that. the United 
States will bc held in contempt by the world if i 
they make any concessions to' the slave power? 
This is inTcnious flattery to the anti-slavery feel- 
of the Republican party. I recollect, Mr. 
President, in my boyish days, reading in the Pik- 
grim 's Progress of a certain black man who wore 
a very white robe, who met the two pilgrims, and 
with fair speeches invited them to acconuoany 
him. They soon found themselves entrapped and 
caught in n net; and then the white robe fell off 
the shoulders of the black man. Has it never 
occurred to Senators on the other side that there 
may be a mistake in all their calculations? As a 
confirmation of this sucroestion, namely, that these 
In addition to all those reasons which would just- 
ify the recognition of couritrics generally, ié the 
absolute necessity they are under of having cot- 
ton from us. 
Another mistake which I think gentleman make I 
is this: they supposc this movement at the South 
rnay bc tho rnerc result of tho efforts of designincr 
politicians; and that the break up at Charleston 
has caused it. No one was more averse than my- 
self to seeing this separation of the Democratic 
party; and I thank the honorable Senator from 
Ohio [Mr. PUGH] for his efforts on that occasion, 
and those of all others, to prevent it. But, sir, 
so rar from its contributing to this secession move- 
it has bocn the main obstacle in its X,vay. 
ment., 
The great body of the peoplc of' thc Soutl'l do not ! 
hate the North, I think, as has been said by some 
I know it is not true in North Caro- 
Senators. 
lina. There is a very groat distrust of' the dom- 
inant majority of the North, and an apprehension 
of mischief; but the great body of our people 
would far prefer a union with the North upon 
honorable terms. While this is true, however, 
I say to you, sir, that but for this division of 
the party, if we had, however, been beaten, the 
whole South would have gone out, just as South 
Carolina has done—I IT)ean without division. 
was that party division and the discussion grow- 
inø out of it, and the charges and crimination and 
recrimination of Union and disunion in the can- 
vass, were the great obstacles in the way. But 
our people are gradually getting over those prej- 
udices; and they see that the Republicans of the 
North intended to beat us, whet.her we were uni- 
ted or not; and the very men who most regretted 
the divisions of the party are gradually fallin• 
into the movement. They sec we will be ruine 
by submission to the election of Mr. Lincoln. The 
Republicans meant to beat us, whether we were 
united or not, and the injury from their rule is the 
samc either way; and it is not for them to say that 
we fought the battle unskillfully. I adrnit '.•ve did 
ficrht unskillfully; bat everybody in thc South was 
aoainst them. Wo say that their domination is 
just as mischievous to us as if we had been well 
united. Another fact presents itself, that they 
have a clear, large, overwhelming x-najority in the 
northern States; enouøh to Tive thern the control 
of tho Government; and it isa knowledffe of this 
fact that is drivi,vv our pcopke forward, and they 
will gradually come up to one line of action. His- 
tory reproduces itself; hmnan naturc is the same; 
and it might have been said in our struggle with 
Great Britain that the colonies were divided. They 
did not defend themselves well. Gates, by his 
rashness, incurred the defeat at Camden. There 
were disensions in tbc colonics, and even many 
tories among them; but that was no excusc for 
Great Britain. She intended to subdue thcm, 
whether they were united or not, and the injury 
to her domination would have been the same in 
cither event. 
Again: it is said, very plausibly, I admit, that 
we ought not to abandon our northern friends— 
our allies. That idcntical remark might have been 
made, and was, in substance, made, during our 
Revolution, for there were Chatham and Burke 
and others whom our colonics had to abandon. 
Lord Chatham never justified, but always con- 
demned, the, secession of the colonics; but that 
secession or revolution vindicated him and Burke 
and Fox. And, sir, if v„re were now to submit, 
where would our northern allies be? Trampled 
under foot by a resist.less anti-slavery party. It 
would bc said: " Your soutuhcrn friends are gas- 
conading brag«yarts•, ready to subluit to us jike 
whipped spaniels." They would be trodden down 
and annihilated; but by our resisting we vindi- 
catc the Senator from Ohio [Mr. PUGH] as a pa- 
triot,a stwacious statesman, auda just man. We 
vindicate the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douc- 
LA s;] the Senators from Indiana; the Senator from 
Oregon, [Mr. LANE',] the Senators from Penn- 
sylvania [Mr. BIGLER] and New Jersey, [Mr. 
rl'HOMSON',] aud last. though not Icasl, the generous 
Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. RicE.] They will 
stand in after times as men who had the sacracity 
to see the ri(Fht, and the couracre to defend it. 
Again: we are told that, having gone into the 
contest, we are bound to submit to the result, just 
as a gambler who plays a game must pay the 
stakes hc loses. Why, Mr. President, on this 
principle, if the Republicans werc to nominate a 
free negro, I suppose we would be bound to let 
him be elected without opposition, for if we run 
a candidate a•ainst him, we w-ould be bound to 
submit to him if elected, and therefore ought to 
let him go in without opposition. If we had not 
attempted to defeat Lincoln, in fhct, by runnil)ff a 
rival candidate, we Illight have been obliged to 
submit, and ought to have been, and would have 
bccn, justly lucid responsible. We, however, did 
our duty to the country by making an honest 
effort to defeat him, though possibly we may not 
have conducted the conteét skillfully. I maintain 
that no party in the South is justly chargeable 
with Lincoln 's election, as, in spite of their re- 
sistance, he obtained a large rnajorily over all 
opposition in States enough in the North to elect 
him. 
I will say in candor also to Senators, that there 
British organs may change their tone aftcr thc i it is equally well known tb{, 
the division of the 
result has been effected, I -will ask the Secretary Democratic party has retarded the action of the 
to read an extract which I find in tho London South in defi)nse of' its honor and its rights. 
are three measures now passing which wili add 
very much to this secession movement in the South. 
I allude, first, to the Pacific railroad biil, by which 
',ve have undertaken, as far as this Senate can un- 
II derlake anything, to build three railroads, ata cost 
of $120,000,000. Now, sir, some of our people 
