1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
727 
deny your right to make improvements. Those 
slavery question. The Legislature of my own 
who admit the right, doubt very much whether 
you ought to go to the expense of Inaking a single 
railroad across a thousand miles of desert and un- 
inhabited country; and this proposition for build- 
ing three railroads, under these 
and incurring a debt, perhaps to be increased to 
two or threo hundred million. (fot the best in- 
formed men say It cannot fall below 
will drive many of the most sagacious and reflcct- 
ing men of the South, mcn of philosophical minds, 
to acquiesce in dissolution, 
Again, sir: here is this tariff bill, likely to be 
adopted, which passed the House by a large vote, 
containinry most iniquitous provisions for the ben- 
efitof particular classes; and then there is another 
measure which, with due respect to those who in- 
the most indefensible of 
dorso it, to my mind, is 
all propositions hitherto advocated—I mean the 
homestead bill. The idea up the public 
property by wholesale at any time to men, many 
of whom are the least meritorious of the commu- 
nity,is wholly indefensible, in rny judgment; but 
now, with a ban kruptTreasury, borro wilV 117 oney 
at the ratc of forty or fifty million a year, the 
policy of giving up these public lands in a body, 
to any one who chooses to take them, shocks the 
whole community. 
Our people arc coming to the conclusion that 
this Government has become so vast that it is an 
impracticable one. Iam not sure of this. I think, 
large as the country is, that the Government 
might be well administered, but for thc anti-sla- 
very excitement. When a family is divided in to 
two sections, who are warrino- acrainst caca other, 
of course household duties must be neglected. 
We have had a struggle for the last ten- years; 
the North pressing, and the South struggling for 
its honor and safety against the movernent; and 
in fact, they are 
such measures are its results. 
directly traceable to that hostility of the norihern 
anti-slavery men. »'Tby, sir, the people of the 
Northwest do not want high protective tariffs— 
by no means; and many Republicans do not want 
them ; and yel you find the Republicans in a body, 
almost, in the House and on this floor; we sce 
them corning up and voting for a most enormous 
tariff. -Why? It is to secure tho support of the 
tarifF men of Pennsylvania and elsewhere. 
Again, sir: New England does not like this 
homestead bill. At any ratc, when I came here 
fifteen years ego, I found the men from New Eng- 
land were in favor of holding on to the public 
lands, and so far frorn wishing to encout•tvc settle- 
ment in the West, they used t.o object strenu- 
ously to opening that territory because it took off 
their laborers frono them. They wished to retain 
them at home and thus keep down the prico of 
wacyes. Now you find the solid vote of New 
England, I believe, for this homestead bill to tempt 
their people to go avvay. MT h y is this? 
r I'hey 
want to satisfy the NrVest•, and vou find tho north- 
western Republicans (Toing for t".his high protective. 
tariff to secure the votes Pennsylvania and the 
East. The anti-s}avery Inen form the great nu- 
clcus of the party, and they spread out their arms 
in all directions and eather in allies. 
Now, I am free to say, Mr. President, if, when 
this homestead bill was up, I could substitute for 
it a proposition giving the lands absolutely to the 
new States in which they lie, I would prefer it. 
Sbüt,e, as well as that of Virginia, has planted it- 
? . self firmly on thc basis of the Crittenden propo- 
sRions, with certain additions, and they will not 
bc satisfied with less. • 
I tnn astonished that the North hesitates to take 
the proposition of the honorabic Senator from 
i Kcntucky. YVhat is it? of the existing 
gives the South about one fifth and the 
I North {Our fifths. We are entitled to have two 
fifths according to population. They say it is car- 
rying out the. platform on which Mr. Breckinridge 
was nominated; I allude tn the presidential can- 
didate. All that is a mistake. By that platform, 
as they understand it, slavery was to be protected 
in all the Territories; and the people of the South 
honestly believe that it ought to be so, and that, 
according to thc true intent of the Constitution, it 
is protected; and the opinions of the Supreme 
Court sustain this view. Now, instead of carry- 
ing it out, that proposition proposes to cive the 
North four fifths of thc territory, and only one 
fifth to the South. Why, sir, a Inan who claims 
a tract of land , and offers, as a compromise, to (Tive 
up four fifths of it, would not obtain his claim, 
certainly. It scorns to therefore, the Repub- 
licans ought not to hesitate one moment, but ought 
at once to have taken it. 
They say, however, that their platform rcquircs 
that they shall have the whole of the territory, 
and exclude us altogether. 
I submit to honorable 
Senators as just men, ( [or I know that in the or- 
dinary transactions of life they are just men,) thcro 
is not u Senator on that side of the Chamber Ihat 
does not know that the South has contributed its 
nnoncy fairly with the North; 
that in every war 
we have turned out inorc than our proportion of 
rnen; and I ask them if it is iü.st that our people 
should altogether be excluded from those acqui- 
sitions which we jointly made? 
But some of them object to that provision which 
applies it to future 'i'crritories. 'I'hcy say we will 
take Mexico, Central America, &c. Why, Mr. 
Presidcut, if none of thc States had seceded, the 
North would have a majority now of eight Sen- 
ators on this floor. With all the States repre- 
sented in the other branch, she has fifty-seven 
majority, and under the incominff apportionrnent 
will have over sixty. They know that no terri- 
tory can cvcr be acquired without a large support 
from them; and the new States of the Northwrest 
con)ing in will vcry soon swell still more their 
it is idle, thereforc, for these gentle- 
majorities. 
men to try to convince any one that they arc 
afraid of acquisitions acrainst their wishes. No, 
sir; I apprehend that they want to kccp this ques- 
tion open. I fear they q.vant to have materials to 
cicctionecr at home, and putdown those men who 
are just enough to recognize, our right. I fear that, 
they want to kccp an opcn question, by wl-iich 
ing out of the application of the principle to Kan- 
sus, and possibly we might have had peace. But 
ever since then, looking at the future, I have had 
apprehensions; and in examining the map of 
America I have often been brought to the conclu- 
Sion that it seemed as if Providence had marked 
out on it two great empires, one lying on the Mis- 
sissippi and around the Gulf of Mexico: the other 
upon the basin of the St. Lawrence. We know, 
Mr. President, that natural boundaries control 
very much the form of nations. A great and pow- 
erful force may sometimes carry a nationality 
over boundaries; but nature conquers in the end. 
Italy has extended itself into France and Spain, 
and France and Spain have each extended them- 
selves into Italy; the Pyrennccs 
still stand as the boundaries of those empires. 
Now, sir, there are States •which lie partly upon 
the waters of the Mississippi, and partly upon 
the St. Lawrence. Which empire they will go 
with, if this division occurs, is a matter of spec- 
ulation. Whether they will be divided, I know 
not; but it would seem that political feeling now 
is tending to such a division. The secti01'1 nearest 
the. St. Lawrence is anti-slavery strongly, while 
in the southern borders of thöse States there are 
opposite sentiments. 
It would seem, sit', as if 
the political and social feelings of the northern 
and southern sections of the Union were moving 
in tl'le„ direction of the flow of these immense 
rivers, and that future. nationalities were to have 
their forms determined by these natural divisions. 
Mr. President, we have had thirteen Presidents 
of the United States elected by the people. i mean 
Mr. Buchanan is the thirteenth man thus chosen 
who has presided over all the States. At the time 
the Confederacy was formed, was it written in 
the book of fate that it should endure until there 
had been a man elected for each of those States? 
Senators on the other side of this Chamber will 
determine that question. 
The honorable Senator from Now York spoke 
with regret of a division of the Union when the 
dome of this Capitol was almost completed. The 
tower of Babcl was not fillished when the nations 
of antiquity were divided. T herc was a provi- 
dcntial purpose in that movement—to humble the 
pride of man, and to extend humanity over t.he 
castcrn continent. Whether there is such a pur- 
pose now, by dividiåg this Union, to send •two 
streams of civilization over America, or whether 
this unfinished tower is to stand as a monument 
of human folly and dissension upon a contineut 
strown far and wide wit.h the immense ruins of a 
oigant.ic political and social fabric, timc alone can 
If evil should happen, the finger of his- 
disclose. 
tory will fix the responsibility on those who com- 
menced and carried ont t bis anti-slavery revolu- 
tion. 'When Jalius Cæsar looked over tbc field 
I of Pharsalia, and saw it strown with the bodies 
It is a less evil to the Government. If they choosc agitation; otherwise it cannot bc ended; ar)d, ( 
to give them out to tbc landless, Ict them do it. I the sakc of our northern friends, 1 think we ought 
now to take a stand and *cave the Union at once, 
would in that way, if I could, cut them loose from 
In the same way, sir, if you unless a complete adjustment can bo rnade. 
this combinati01'1. 
Ten years ago, Mr. President, I appre- 
present to me a well-guarded Pacific railroad bill 
hensive that •,ve should have a dissolution of thc 
for u single track, I will vote it through, if it ison 
the cheapest and best linc; but if you ask me to Union bctwecn these States. Up to that time I 
I think there was a 
had not thought it possible. 
tax no y people outrageously to bcncfita few man- 
ufacturing capitalists, I will not. do it. What I great error committed then. 
I have at ways re- 
grcttcd •that Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster, patriotic 
desire, then, is this: we should, even if this Gov- 
ernment is to endure, dissolve this combination. 
Remember, sir, the South has no share in this co- 
nitudc of the, question, and did not place that sel- 
If that Missouri 
tlemcnt on its proper ground. 
partnership. The Northeast is to get the tariff; 
line had been run through, as was dcqnauded by 
the Notthwest tho Pacific railroad and the home 
(and if they had gone for it, it could 
the South, 
stead bill; and the Republicans, or Abolitionist.s, 
are to get anti-slavery. These arc thc parties to have been done,) possibly we should have had 
they can crush out such northern Democrats as of his slain countrymen, he exclaimed, ' ' 
n-1Y friend from Ohio. If not, why object to set- 
Posterity will say of those 
would have it so.' 
tling the whole territorial question for all time to 
who persist in this warfare, " You would have 
these results. " 
come? 
Again, sir: why not acrrce that slavery shall be The Inost impressive ceremony, h'fr. President, 
which have witnessed in this Chamber was on 
protected in the District of Columbia, the forts 
and arsenals in the slave States, and the slave thc occasion when anutnbcr of Senators frorn the 
trade between tho States? Thev can do that with- seceding States took leave of ns. It reminded 
out any northern interest. Ifthny i of the funeral ceremonies when a Senator has 
do that—if they placo this entire question where 
died, but wras far morc imprcssivc, because the an- 
nunciation of the death of a Slate of this Confcd- 
it cannot be reached, you may, perhaps, end this 
et•acy is more. momentous than that of its rcprc„ 
son tativc. €1 use the term, because thcrc is an anal- 
ogy between the cases. YVhcn a Senator dies, his 
spirit goes from onc state of exislence to another; 
it may be a l.)rightcr and a better one. When 
those Statcs no longer livc to this Government, 
they pass into a ncw Confederacy. The Israelites, 
with wailing and •lamentation, deplored the loss 
of onc of their tribes. When recently the annun- 
ciation of the departure of a single State was made 
as they were, did not seem to appreciate thc mag- li here, it was met with strange levity on the other 
side of the Chamber. 
I-low will it I)C, sir, when 
the ten tribcs have gone, when fifteen States have 
departed ? 
In those States were born and rnour- 
ished such slaveholders as Washington and Jef- 
ferson ar)d Madison and I-lenry and Marshali 
the cornbinat.ion. The sagacious men ofthc South 
see the danger; and sooner than submit to be 
cheatéd and plundered in this mode, with the pros- 
pect in the future of the abolition of slavery and 
the utter dest.ruction of their section, they are 
coming resolutely into the struggle. Nor will they 
pause now unless full justicc be done them on this 
i I peacc. Nay more: after it was determined that and Jackson and Clay and Cu!houn. They are 
filled at this day with such slaveholders and 
we should try Irion-intervention, earnestly en- 
as our non-slaveholdersm•e stigmatized 
deavored to induce. them to repeal the Missouri whites, 
by abolition speakers, as formerly went up with 
restriction, and let non-intervention apply to Kan- 
sas and all of tho territory north of the line of 360 George Washington to defend Massachusett.s and 
If they had done that at that time, l.ve should il New York and Pennsylvania and the Jcrscys,and, 
30'. 
I have avoided [hc excitement and discussion grow- at a latcr day, stood upon thc Canada line with 
