1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
729 
along the thirty-seventh parallel.of north latitude; thence 
easterly on said parallel, &c. 
The amendrnent was agreed to. 
Mr. GREEN. I believe there are no other pend- 
ing amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un- 
derstands that there is a pending amendment on 
which no vote has been had. 
Mr. GREEN. There was a pending amend- 
ment proposed by the Senator from 'Texas, [Mr. 
HEMPHILL;] but I think I can make a slight mod- 
ification in the bill that will satisfy him, and ren- 
der his amendment unnecessary; and I think he 
I wish to call the attention of 
will withdraw it. 
the Senator frotn Texas to a suggestion that I 
have to make, which will render his amendment 
unnecessary. I ask the Secretary to read the sug- 
gestion that I marked on the margin of the bill. 
It is in the sixth section to insert the words "prop- 
erty subject to," which will just cover the case. 
The Secretary read the amendment: in line eleven 
of section six, after the word " all ' 
to insert the 
words " property subject to;" so that it will read: 
But all property subject to taxation shall be in proportion 
to the value of the property taxed. • 
Mr. GREEN. It leaves it to the Territory to 
say what property shall be taxed. They can 
exempt any they wish. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. My only in making 
the motion I did •xvas, inasmuch as perceived the 
system of ad calorem taxation was to be adopted 
in that Territory, that every person that was taxed 
at all should have a certam amount of property 
exempt from taxation; that no man should be 
taxed in •his property unless he possessed over 
two hundred and fifty dollars' worth of property. 
I am not familiar with the organization of Terri- 
tories, and I do not care about insisting upon the 
thc amendment. 
Mr. GREEN. This will just cover the case. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the amendment as modified. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. WILSON. I mové to amend the name of 
the Territory by striking out Idaho," and in- 
serting " Colorado." 
I do it at the rcquestof tl)ö 
delegate from that Territory, who is very anxioug 
about it, and came to sec me to-day to have that* 
change madc. He said that the Colorado river 
arose in the Territory, and therc was a sort of 
fitness in it; but this word Idaho" meant noth- 
ing. There is nothing in it. 
Mr. GREEN. The Idaho" was put 
in at the instance of the Delegate from the Ter- 
ritory. 
Mr. WILSON. He has his opinion. 
Mr. GREEN. But 1 Colorado. 
more appropriate and more harmonious. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
suggest that that wili more properly conie up as 
an amendmcnt to the title of the bill. 
Mr. WILSON. It has got to be changed in 
the body of the bill. 
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; wherever it occurs in 
I prefer that name, and will 
the body of the bill. 
vote with the Senator. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The amendments made as in Committee of the 
Whole werc concurred in. The bill was ordered 
to bc engrossed and read a third time. 
It was 
read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITCH.) 
The question is: " Shall this bill pass ? ' ' 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to say one word 
If the information which I 
only on this subject. 
have received be correct, there is not only a very 
inconsiderable population in what has been here- 
tofore called Arizona— 
Mr. GREEN. This is not Arizona; but the 
Pike's Peak region—Colorado. 
Mr. CRYINTENDEN. beg pardon. 
The bill was passed. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 am instructed by the Com- 
mittee„ on Finance, to s.v110.m was referred the bill 
(H. R. No. 915) making appropriations for the 
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June, 
1862, to report it back with amendments- 
amendments are few, and it will not, be necessary 
to reprint thc bill. I ask, therefore, only that the 
amendments be printed. 
The order to 
OFFICER. 
print will be b" conunon consent. 
LOAN BILL. 
Mr.•KUNKEL. I send up a resolution relat- 
ing to the same subject, and ask leave to- offer it. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 am also instructed by the 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the 
bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan, to report 
Resoloed, That the use of the Hall of the House of Rep- 
rcsentatives or other suitable apartment in the Capitol be; 
I ask that the 
it back with two amendments. 
and the same is hereby, tendered for the use and accom- 
amendments may be printed. 
Inodation of the commissioners now present in tliis city, 
It was so ordered. 
with authority and instructions t•rotn the several States rep- 
resented., to consult upon the best means of settling the 
Mr. PEARCE. I give notice that to-morrow 
unfortunate difficulties between the two sections, and re- 
I shall ask the Sentate to takc up the loan bill. 
storing peace, tranquillity, and fraternal union to the whole 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Move to make it aspecial 
coun try. 
order at half past twretve o'clock. There is a. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Oh, 1 object to that. 
special order at one. 
Mr. BRANCH. My reso'lution only allows 
Mr. PEARCE. I move to make it the special 
the rivilege of the floor to these commissioners. 
I'd. LOVEJOY. 1 object to that. we do not 
order for to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
want them upon this floor. 
I wish they would 
go home. 
ADMISSION TO FLOOR. 
Mr. BRANCH. Does not the objection of the 
Mr. BIGLER. I offer the following resolu- 
gentleman from Illinois to my resolution come 
tion, an(l ask for its present consideration: 
too late. 
Resolue.d, 'I'hat the commissioners appointed by the sev-. 
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too 
eral States to attend a convention to be held in this city, 
late. The resolution of the gentleman from North 
to-day, be adn)itted to the floor of the Senate during the 
Carolina has been agreed to. 
sitting of the said convention. 
Mr. TRUMBULL, Mr. FESSENDEN, and 
CRITTENDEN COMPROMISE. 
others, objected to tbc consideration of the reso- 
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to present a peti- 
lution; and it was laid over under the rule. 
tion of five hundred citizens of Montgomery 
REPORT ON COMMERCIAL RELATIONS. 
county, Indiana, asking the Senators and Repre- 
sentativcs from that State to vote for the Critten- 
The VICE PRESEDENT laid before the Sen- 
den cornpromise. I will only say that, writh high 
ate a letter from the Secretary of State, commu- 
respect to these my neighbors, I cannot vote for 
nicating, in obedience to law, the annual report of 
the measures which they seern to favor. 
the com mercial relations of the United States with 
The petition was laid on the table. 
foreien nations, for the year 1860. 
Mr. BRIGGS. I ask leave to introduce a me- 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 move that it be printed, 
morial froun the citizens of Chester,.in Orange 
and that it lic on table. 
county, in the State of New York, asking Con- 
The motion was agreed to. 
qrrcss to compromise our national difficufties on 
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following order; 
tho principles of the border State committee prop- 
which was referred to the Committee on Printing: 
osition. It is a good sign, Mr. Speakcr, to see the 
Ordered, That five thousand extra copies of the annual 
citizens of the rural districts sending up pclitious 
report of the con-nnercia) relations of the United States with 
here asking for compromise to save the country 
fOrcign nations, för the year 1860, bc printed. 
from dissolution. 
HOUSE mLLS REFERRED. 
'I'he mernorial was laid on the table. 
The following bill and joint resolution from the 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call for the regular order 
House of Repi•esentatives were severally read 
of business. 
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated 
MILITIA AND ARMS, ETC. 
below: 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
A bill (H. R. No. 925) granting a pension to 
munication from the War Department, transmit- 
Larkin Tally, of Tennessee—to the Committee 
ting a return of the militia of the United States 
on Pensions. 
and of arms and accouterments for the year 1860, 
A joint resolution (I-I. R. No. 70) to quiet title 
according to the act of 2d March, 1803; also a 
to lands in the State of Iowa—to the Committee 
transcript of the official Army Register for 1860, 
on Public Lands. 
in compliance with the resolution of the House of 
Mr. POWELL. 1 move that the Senate ad- 
Representatives of June 14, 1848; which were 1åk(.l 
journ. 
on the table, and ordered to be printed. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
VARIOUS PROPOSITIONS. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is a 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
private bill before the House which came up last 
Monday. I desire to have it taken up and passed. 
MONDAY, February 4, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. rI'i10MAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of Saturday last was read and 
approved. 
BRANCH OF BALTIMORE AND 01110 RAILROAD. 
Mr. CARTER, by unanimous consent, report- consideration. 
ed back from the Cotnmittee, for the District of 
Columbia Senate bill No. 277, supplementary to 
an act entitled " An act to authorize the. exten- 
sion, construction, and use ofa lateral branch 'of 
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad into and within 
wiLh a substitute. T hc 
the District of Colu mbia, 
bill and the substitute were recotnrnitted to the 
Comn)ittec for the District of Columbia, and or- 
dered tö be printed. 
COLUMBIAN INSTITUTION. 
Mr. CARTER also, by unanimous consent, 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 propose the be 
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into 
the Connnittee of the Whole on the state of the 
Union; and I movc that thc debate on the pend- 
incr amendment in that committee shall terminate 
in two hours after the committee shall resume its 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. ask the gentle- 
man from Ohio to allow mc to give notice to the 
Housc that i intend, at an early day, during the 
Inorning hour, to bring before the House for its 
thc l.)ilf reported back from the 
consideration, 
committee of five, (H. R. No. 969) further to pro- 
vide for the collection of duties on imports. 
1 
wish gentlemen to examine the bill. 
McCLERNAND. When does the gen- 
[leman ropose to bring it up? 
Mr. COCHRANE. At an (lay 
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say to the gen- 
reported back frotn the sarp.c committee a bill tD i I tlernan from Ohio, [Mr. SHERMAN,] that there are 
amend an act to incorporate. the Colurnbian Institu- 
some gentlmnen on this side who desire to dis- 
I tion for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and 
cuss the report of the committee of thirty-three. 
the Blind, and to an appropriation therefor; i One of them is nowr cutitled to the floor; 
and 
I which as read a first and second time, recommit- 
suppose we might as well take up that matter 
ted to the Committee for the District of Columbia, 
now, and let thie Chiriqui matter "0 over. 
and ordered to be printed. 
PRIVILEGE OF THE FLOOR. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think it better to get 
through with the deficiency bill at once. 
are vnany persons waiting for their moncy appro- 
M t'. P,RANCEI. ask the unanimous consent 
priated in it. 
of the House to offer the followincr resolution: 
OF NEW ORLEANS MINT. 
Resoltcd, 'I'hat thc of States who assern. 
city to-day be admission to Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 ask the gentleman 
fronQ Ohio to waive his Inot-ion fora rnomcnt until 
the II onse. 
a resohltion to wrhich I think there wili be 
No aljiection ivas mado•, and the resolution was 
i I no objection. 
