1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
731 
the Committee on Naval Affairs candidly admits 
authorizes nothing but a clay turnpike—is sev- 
enty-five miles. 
•The other route, granted by Costa Rica, from 
Golfita to the Atlantic ocean, is between ninety 
and onc hundred miles in length, selecting almost 
the widest part of the Ist.hmus of Panama. The 
two oceans are divided at these points by a chain 
of called the Cordilleras; the lowest 
elevation of which is four thousand two hundred 
and seventv feet, and the highest about nine thou- 
sand feet. The engineer says he looked down 
from a height of eight thousand feet, and above 
him, towering sublime, he had a spectacle of a 
volcano, which went up, I do not know how high. 
The country is uninhabited on the Atlantic side, 
the grant for the purpose of transporting soldiers, 
ammunition, and munitions of war, acroSs the 
Isthmus? Why, sir, the attempt of Bonaparte to 
cross the Alps was mere child's play in compar- 
ison with the attempt to cross these South Amer- 
ican mountains with soldiers and munitions of 
war. If, then, you grant the right of Thompson, 
which he proposes now to cede, it confers no pres- 
ent value to the Government in respect to the 
transportation of munitions of war in return for 
the $300,000 which this bill appropriates. It is, in 
fact, the right to travel a road that is inaccessible 
to anything but goats—or mules, which is about 
thc same thing. [Laughter.] 
Now, suppose we had the title perfected: the 
gentleman from Maine [Mr. MORSE] was candid 
fifty miles each way, except by a small village of I enough to admit that it would be of no present 
value to the Government. But, sir, what we arc 
negroes. On the Pacific side, there arc a few towns. 
(_)ne of thein the enyine.er gravely sets forth as of buying is the present value. 'YVe are not buying 
the road at what it wilt be when it is finished— 
considerable importance, för he says there are 
eighty families in it. 
In other words, the whole 
country is uninhabited; and the Government of 
the province is oflöriiv to o•ive a.i•vay all the lands 
to any persons who will colonize them, without 
asking anything for it. 
The New Granadian •ran tis a grant to Ambrose 
Thompson to improve an old provincial road I 
which had been opened fourteen years before that 
grant, so as to make it passable with wheeled 
vehic\es from the Chik'iqui lagoon to the city of 
David. When that road is opened, and is so cer- 
tified by the Governor, then the grantee has the 
right to transport and charge tolls upon it to all 
except the Government of New Granada. 
Now, sir, what was that provincial road? About 
twenty years ago, fourteen years from the date 
of the grant, the Government of Chiriqui—a pro- 
vince u•ninhabited except by a fitw Y an kees R,vho 
went there to speculate—oponed a road by blaz- 
ing the trees from the town of David to the. Chiriqui 
lagoon. That is the road which was to be opened 
and improved in a solid way, so as to make it pass- 
able with wheeled vehicles. After that the right 
was to attach, and not before. 
Now, it is not pretended that the road is pass- I 
able. for wheeled vehicles. Mr. Thompson him- 
self', who is an iivenious man, admits that they 
have cut it open wide enough for wheeled vehi- 
cle.s for two or throe, leagues; but that they have 
cut down the trees for the rest of the distance, 
so that mules can pass fronl one poil')t to the other, 
and have got the certificate of Mr. Morel and 
others that they have known it to be passed even 
with loaded beasts of burden." Now, my friend, 
who has argued so eloquently on the value of com- 
mcrcc over mountains eight thousand feet high, 
has not told us how it is that any right a.ttaches, 
which was not to attach till after the certificate of 
the Governor. T herc is no such certificate amona• 
thcsc papers. He has not examined it; but there 
is a certificate by the alcalde. 
Mr. MORSE. '-I'he gen tleman from Pennsyl- 
vania will do me the justice to say that I set no 
value on this road, except in regard to the coal 
grounds. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen- 
tlcman from Maine is candid in that. He does 
not rely on it as a railroad. Other gentlernan 
have Inade that the chief burden of their sona•, and 
one inøenious gentleman from New York [Mr. 
SICKLES] went so far as to say that the right to im- 
prove a road so as to make it passable, for wheeled 
vehicles, meant a railroad; and he asks the House 
to believe it. There is as much nonsense in that 
as in thc rest. But, sir, I sav that up to this 
dav therc never has a wheeled vehicle of any kind 
passed between the lagoon of Chiriqui and the 
Pacific ocean. But they have certificates that 
are before us, by which any gentleman can ascer- 
tail), by looking into these reports—one, two, 
three, and four certificates of most respectable 
gentlenoen—that tbc road has actually been passed 
from sea to sea, with loaded •beasts of burden. And 
which, permit mc to say, will, in my judgment, 
be not many days before the rendering up of our 
final accounts. [Laughter.] W c are now pay- 
ing this money, and we have not the assurance 
of a single dollar that it will ever be finished. 
Why, sir, if it is ever finished, it must be at the 
expense of millions of dollars; 'and Mr. Thomp- 
son is not the shrewd man I take him to be—and 
I know him well; I know hirn to bo a most adroit 
just the man to get up this kind of' a spec- 
man ; 
ulation; but I say he would lose his character for 
sagacity and his character for truth, if, after get- 
ting hold of this $300,000, hc over felt called upon 
to spend a dollar there. [Laughter.] 
know the man woll enough, and his sagacity well 
enough, to bc perfectly sure Illat such a thing will 
never take place under God's heaven. If he oncc 
gets hold of this after paying off his 
assistants in crcttin(F it through this House, he 
will put t.he balance in his pocket, and be a rich 
man. But here are gentlemen in this House ask- 
us to vote for such a measure as this. 
not know what is operating upon them; I know 
they are honest. [Laughter.] I know they are 
capable; but I know they are terribly deluded in 
sorne way. 
But there is another view of this Inatter to which 
I wish to call the attention of this House. I havo 
been presenting the matter as if Ambrose W. 
Thompson had the title wh ich he proposes to grant. 
I will say that hc has not any title to it; not 
a particle. By tbc New Granadian grant, which 
is to be found in this report of the gentleman from 
NTaine, on page 14, let us see at what period this 
"l'ant is to bc vested in Mr. Th0D1pson. 
It is 
stipulated in article three, that, so soon as the im- 
provement of the whole road shall bc concluded 
according to the tcvm.s stipulated in the ordinance 
—that is, to make a good passable road for the 
transit of wheeled vehicles—Mr. Thompson, or 
no evidence that any certificate has been given by 
the Government of the prövince. We have also 
tliC certificate of Mr. Motel, whöi as we cero ina 
formed, was the first to denounce the road, and 
therefore to acquire a title to it; and I think we 
shall continue to denounce the road as a very 
great swindle. 
Well•, sir, it is said there are coal mines there; 
that coal has actually been taken, and that it ex- 
ists there in inexhaustible quantities. Why, sir,• 
if coal actually existed there so that it could be 
excavated and sold for.fifty cents a ton cheaper 
than that brought from Virginia, from Pennsyl- 
vania, and from Liverpool, do vou suppose it 
would not have been opened by this enterprising 
Yankee? Thc• wholc story is too incredible to 
I believe that Dr. Evans was sold by 
believe. 
I these men, who induced him to really believe 
existed there. Why, sir, if coal existed there in 
accessible localities, do you suppose the whole 
Yankee nation, with the exorbitantprices paid for 
coal in that region, would have allowed the mines 
to remain unopened to this time? No, sir; two 
thirds of the peo le of Maine would have been 
there long ago. Laughter.] But gentlemen say 
that that question has been decided; that Dr. 
Evans, the geologist, has made an examination, 
and said there was coal there. Well, sir, I have 
nothing to say against Dr. Evans. 
I have read 
with great admiration his book on the dirts in 
I Oregon, which he has been getting up for years 
at a very great expense to the Government, and 
which is not ofa particle of value to any human 
[Laughter.] He says they gathered a 
i barrel of the coal and took it to Norfolk, ',vherc 
I it has been analyzed. Well, sir, about thirty years 
acro—of course, before my time—thece was a great 
excitement in a certain locality in Pennsylvania, 
where coal mines were said to exist. Some gen- 
tlemen went up and made an examination in sev- 
cral places and found aplenty of coal. They tried 
it at the blacksmith's, they had it analyzed, and 
ascertained that it contained a proper quantity of 
oil, and the man sold his land for a fabulous price; 
I but afterwards it turned out that the man had been 
engaged for three weeks in carting coal to the lo- 
cality, and that there were no coal mincs there. 
Well, sir, Mr. Morel, the gentleman who de- 
nounced this property, it seems took t.he geologist 
tö the very spot where the coal was to be found, 
helped him get out some of it and put it into a 
I barrel, and upon that statement we are asked to 
believe that there is an inexhaustible quantity in 
that region. 
I Mr. I desire to say a single word in 
justice to Dr. Evans, whose character the gentle- 
, Inan from Pennsylvania calls in question. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, no, 
sir; not at all. His character is as good as any 
geologist's. [Laughter.] 
his representative, shall so the. Governor Mr. MORSE. The coal which Dr. Evans took 
of the province, so that hc himself, or by a com- was blasted from thc rock. He saw it done. 
Mr. STEVENS, ofPennsylvania. Ifthere be 
mission appointed for the purpose, may, in com- 
coal there, rest assured that it will be mined and 
pan y with Mr. Thompson, or his representative, 
prepared for sale whenever it is profitable to do 
proceed to inspect the work, and judge whether 
I so; and when it can be procured at rates lower 
or not the conditions of the contract have been ful- 
than thc present oncs in that region, I have no 
filicd by the grantee, and in the affirmative casc 
to declarc hirn in full exercise of t,he rights and doubt wc can purchasc it, as well as all others, 
without any necessity for the payment of [he sum 
prerooatives acquired under this privi!oec. 
of #3002000. 
Now, sir, there has never been such a com- 
mission. It is not pretended or sot. for' h in any And Mr. Morel has conferred another våluabtc 
of these documents, that the. Governor has in grant to this company; and that is, the construc- 
tion ofa canal over the interveninT mountains, if 
any way ccrtified that he has examined the work. 
over any such thing can possibly be accomplished. 
There are certain certificates that the road has 
been opened to a certain extent, and these certifi- But supposc the title of the company were good, 
cates come from very respectable persons. They i and there was a perfect utility in it. 
Mr. IRVINE. Do the reports show any obli- 
say that the road has been opened to a certain 
extent, so as to be crossed even by beasts of bur. gation on the part of the Govcrnmcnt of Now 
that is repeated three times in these certifi- Granada or Costa Rica, or of the Chiriqui com- 
cates. Onc certificatc is from a Yankee by tho puny, to mine the coal to supply our Government 
name of James Agnew, to whom, some time ago, at the coal stations mentioned in Thompson's con- 
the grant was made; but. not having the right tract with the Secretary of the Navy upon any 
name exactly to give certificates likely-to be avail- 
terms ? 
i able for southern grants such as that, his name 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. There is 
that is the grant they propose to convey to us. 
MI'. Chairman, I am now supposing this grant to has been metamorphosed into Sefior Santiago no obligation on the part of anybody to mine it. 
be valid with Mr. Thompson. But, sir, it is ad- Agnew. [Much laughter.] In other words, it is i 
If they mine it, I believe l.ve are to pay the coxn- 
mitted that no road has ever been approved over E now St. James Agnew. This is one of the per- pan y ten per cent. in addition to their expenses. 
that route; it is admitted that no railroad has been sons whose certificate is depended on to establish Suppose the title is perfect: let us see whether 
the case sought to be made out before this House. ii we can possibly buy it. You will observe that 
begun ; that therc has not been done the first work 
But, sir, the whole thing is as bold a thing• as was Mr. Thompson enters into a long preamble in his 
in reference to it. Now, I ask what is the pres- 
ent value of thc privilege which this contract i! over gotten up by honest men. [Great laughter.] contract with the Secretary of the Navy. Is not 
(Trants us, to cross the Isthmus at that point? Re- B\.lt, sir, even with the certificate of my Yankec this the saine man Thompson who was engaged 
member, i am now speaking of the transit. What i friend, who, by the way, did not certify that there in the live-oak contracts under this same Secretary 
is the value to the United States at this time, of is a passable road for wheeled vehicles, there is of the Navy? Mr. rrhompson grants to us full 
