1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
733 
and take. the responsibility of voting for it. Now, 
sir, I belong to no such class. 
I approve of this 
amendment which has been passed by t.he Senate. 
I approved of it, as a member of the Naval Com- 
mittee, last year, upon a examination of the 
facts. I approve of it now, upon reéxamination 
of the old und the new facts combined. 
-What are the objections urged to it? My friend 
from Pennsylvania [Mr. STEVENS] starts out, 
the first place, with the sweeping assertion that, so 
far as the Granadian grant is concerned, there is 
nothing in it, and that these parties derive no title 
under it. Why, Mr. Chairman, that is an assertion 
ofamostextravagantcharacter. Therecord shows 
conclusiyely that the Granadian Government de- 
liberately made this grant, thatthc Granadian min- 
ister has certified to the right of the Provincial 
Legislature of Chiriqui to make it, and that it was 
made in absolute conformity with the laws of 
New Granada. That is on record, and it settles 
that question. But the gentleman from Pennsyl- 
vania insists, moreover, that, even if that grant 
be good, it was a grant conditioned on the prior 
opening of a certain road which is described in 
it, and that that road has never been opened ex- 
cept for the passage of mules. Now, Mr. Chair- 
man, the record before the gentleman, which he 
certainly must have read, if he examined the 
papers at all, shows him, by the affdavits of the 
very parties most competent to make these affda- 
vits in New Granada and Chiriqui, that, so far 
as the requirement of the grant is concerned be- 
tween New Granada and these parties, that road 
is suffciently open to make the grant attach to 
this company. 
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not go into further 
discussion of that now; because it so happens that, 
since the last session of Congress, these parties 
havc received a grant from the province of Costa 
Rica, and that grant obviates the necessity of in- 
quiring how far t.he Newr Granadian grant covers 
the right to build a railroad, because the Costa 
Rica grant gives the right specifically to construct 
a railroad. 
But, says the gentleman, even if the right has 
attached, it would be impossible to build a road. 
-iVell, sir, I know gentlemen will differ when they 
corne to estimate the difliculties to 'be overcome on 
railroad routes. Why, in his argument, the gen- 
tleman from Pennsylvania has found out that it 
is j ust as easy to state elevations at forty thou- 
sand feet as at four thousand feet. M/ hen gentle- 
rncn speculate loosely and vaguely about the facts 
in a casc, it is very natural that they should come 
to the conclusion that it • is ilnpossiblc to run a 
railroad track over imaginary and impossible 
routes. 
But, Mr. Chairman, vve have a right, as sensi- 
ble Inen legislatincr upon an important question, 
to recur with some sort of reliance to the inform- 
ation furnished us by our own Government offl- 
cers. Now, I do not k navv- who Mr. St. Clair 
Morton may be, except that he is a topograph- 
ical engineer in the service of the United States. I 
know also that he is weil thought of by the Depart- 
ment, for ability as an ewineer•, because he has 
recently been promoted to be the engineer of the 
water-works in this District; arid the Government 
of the United States placed him in charge of this 
most important work in Chiriqui, during the vaca- 
tion. I thercforc think it is fair to esteem him to 
be a competent enffineer•, and after havino• sur- 
very much afraid that they have not done so, for 
stand. At all events, let the communications come 
it docs seem to that no littlc ignorance has been 
exhibited as to the facts in this case in the discus- 
Sion which has already occurred upon this floor. 
Now, [his encrineersays, on page26 of his report: 
"To stnn up the above renmrks on the Pacific slope, itmay 
be safely assuuned that it is pctflec.tly• practicable to connect 
the pass with the tertninus at Golfito by an ordinary track 
which will admit of being worked with advantage by en- 
gines and rolling stock generally of such patterns us ate at 
present in use." 
And, then, as for the track upon the other side, 
he says: 
should, therefore, consider it within the limits of prac- 
tieability to ascend from the, Culebra forks to the stunmit 
by the ordinary railroad system; but for many reasons 
would prefer to make use of one which would adapt itself 
with more pliancy to the peculiarities of that region." 
I desire to call the attention of the committee to 
the fact that the estimates in this report are all 
surface estimates, that they are susceptible of 
being diminished from ten to fifty per cent. , and 
are only estimates with reference to telnporary 
and conditional transit in anticipation of the mak- 
ing of tunnels there. Gentlemen who have hap- 
pened to pass over the Baltimore and Ohio railroad 
before the excavation of the present tunnels—one 
of the greatest triumphs of engineering art in the 
country—and witnessed the system there availed 
to overcome elevations, must have been struck 
with the startling assertions of the gentlernan from 
Pennsylvania. Everything is possible to modern 
encrineering, and I am content to take the testi- 
mony of these two gentlemen, who are experts, 
in preference to the assertions of my fellow-mezu- 
bers upol'i this floor. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before rnyfriendfi•oml'vlary- 
land leaves that part of' the casc, desire. to in- 
form him that I shall read, in reply, a letter from 
one of the assistant en&ineers, pronouncirp it 
utterly impracticable to construct that railroad. 
Mr. SICKLES. Lot state, in reference to 
that suggestion, that that letter proceeds from an 
officer who deserted Lis duty, who failed to com- 
ply with the instructions given to him, and who 
was dismissed from the service. And, in answer 
to that letter, shall read a letter from the com- 
Inander of the expedition, commenting upon his 
conduct. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not know the witness. 
All I desired '.vas to give notice to gentlemen, so 
as not to take them by surprise, that have, a let.- 
ter from one of the who made the sur- 
vey, who reports the route to be utterly imprac- 
together. 
IVII*. SHERMAN. very well. 
Mr. HARRIS,0fMaryland. Now, Mr. Chair- 
man, that (levelops one of the peculiar features 
of attack on this project before. the House. Since 
I have been in Congress, I have never known a 
project that has had so many side-bar attacks 
made upon it as this particular Chiriqui amend- 
ment. MT here it comes from I do not know. But 
it seems to me that the force of the assault made 
upon it is outside of the record vthich is before 
the House. 
Well, I say, on the testimony of these offcers 
of the Government, that the railroad is practicable. 
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. STE- 
YENS] insists that even if it were practicable, these 
parties could not carry out the conditions and 
rights which they propose to give to the United 
States in connection with it. 
In the first place, 
he says that, if practicable, it will never be built. 
Now that does not seem to me to bean argument 
of force. Another gentleman, the gentleman from 
Ohio, [Mr. SHERMAN,] says that if we give these 
parties the $300,000, non constat that they would 
not put the Inoney in their pockets, and never do 
anything towards the construction of the road. I 
do not suppose that it ever entered into the im- 
acFination of any one that $300,000 is going to do 
anything towards the building of this railroad. 
That will take millions. 
But does it not occur to 
gentlemen, in the first place, that it was not to be 
assumed that this Government was a Government 
of fools, dealing with absolute knaves in a trans- 
action of this sort? Did it not occur to him, more- 
over, that the amendment submitted by the gentle- 
man from Maine [Mr. MORSE] is an amendment 
which provides that these knaves—so assumed 
to be—are not to receive the first dollar of this 
till the Government of the United States 
IS assured that they are able to carry out all the 
provisions and conditions of their contract? That 
Government will be headed by Mr. Lincoln. His 
administration will be made up of gentlemen in 
the confidence of that wing of the House. And 
I put it to gentlemen now, whether, as not a sin- 
gle dollar is to be paid to these parties, even if 
they are disposed to be rascally, till the Govern- 
ment is satisfied that they can in every particular 
perform their obligations and promises to the 
IJnited States, they are running such a terrible 
More than that, Mr. Chairman. Thegcntleman 
ticablc; and the facts hc gives show that it is so. 
argues that, even if this railroad were built, these 
Mr. SICKLES. it would appear that that parties could not authorize the Government of the 
cn€yincer did not make the survey. 
United States to carry troops and munitions of war 
I understand I across it. Well, of course they cannot; but they 
i MY. HARRIS, of Maryland. 
can authorize the United States to do two other 
that the letter to which the gentleman Ohio 
refers is from Mr. Wilson. T hc only informa- valuable things, which suppose would be alone 
ti0i1 1 have in reference to him is what I derive froun a suffcient consideration for the purchase-money. 
this report, in lvhich the chief engineer charged One of these is, the transmission of mails free of 
will) this work reports Wilson as having been charge. That they can do; because the existing 
treaty between New Granada and the United 
negligent and incompetent in the dischargc of his 
duties; that Wilson was sent out to make an ex- States grants to the Government of the United 
ploration, lost himself in some extinct volcano in States that the right of transit across the Isthmus 
of Panama on any roads of communication then 
the mountains, and returned to tbc point of depart• II 
i ure, and remaincd there for six weeks doing noth- existino•, or that miffht thereafter be constructed, 
ing, instead of attending to the practical business shall be forever free to the Government of the Uni- 
f of the expedition. Now, if that be the gentlc- f, ted States and the citizens thereof. The treaty 
then goes on to specify what things may pass over, 
man 's witness, I shall read, as ao•ainst his testi- 
noon y, the testimony of the on(Fineer in charge and and mails arnong them. 
his second assistant cngincer, who show that the ! Now it is true that the fourteenth section of the 
veyed this route, he comes back and reports to road is entirety practicable; and I think my two acrreement between Costa Rica and these grantees 
this Government that that country is perfectly 
practicable for a railroad ; a report which is in every 
particular aoainst the sweeping assertions of the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania. In that opinion 
the chief engineer is sustained by the testimony 
of the second assistant engineer under Iiiru, v; ho, 
I understand, is a gentlernan of hi&h attainments 
in his profession. These two gentlexnen concur 
in saying in this report that that country is sus- 
ceptible of havinT railroad cross it with success. 
•well, now, sir, I do not think that gentlemen, with 
tion before them, can throw aside the testirnony 
accumulated for them by their own Government, 
and the testimony of cc,mpetent professional men, 
and allow themselves to be swayed and controlled 
by the assertions of individual members. 
N"lr. Chairman , I have not tillie to go into an ex- 
amination and analysis of what these enoineers 
say. I have a right to assume that gentlemen 
witnesses will override the gentleman 's witness. says that they shall not transport arms and mu- 
if thc gentleman vgants to read that letter I will 
nitions of war across the road. 'I'he Government 
listen to it now 
of Costa Rica retains that powcr to itself. Did 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will send it to tille Clerk's gentlemen who are legislating here, themselves as 
desk. 
II Mr. SICKLES. suggest that the gentleman 
wait till I send for the other letter frotn the encri- 
neer who complcted the survey which this one 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will further, that 
I i the character and capacity of the engineer is cer- 
any justice to themselves, or to a matter of legisla- ! i tified to by a geritleman of the highest character 
in Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SICKLES. well, wait till get the 
Cial reply of the person who Inade the survey I 
ich this naan p to nrtlce. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 
If my friend ; , 
from Ohio [1M r. SHERMAN] has to back up the re- 
sponsibility of his correspondent, I preför not to 
coördinate branch of this great Governrnent, 
suppose that Republic of Costa Rica was 
going to bargain away to a mere railroad company 
a right that is inherent to her sovereignty, which 
involves her position and her responsibilities as a 
neutral Power? She would not concede it to this 
company; but,. under the law of nations, the Uni- 
ted States would have a right to transport arms 
and munitions ofwar that road , unless they were 
transporting them in aid of some Government 
with which Costa Rica was at war. Then they 
and as contraband 
would become contraband; 
only , they are prohibited by the fourteenth section 
of the contract. 
N'lr. Chairman, I cannot dwell on this. The 
entertain it; because the Government of the United attention of the committee was called to the matter 
upon this floor have read this report; but I urn States sustains the witnesses whom I put on the W of coal at the last session of Congress, when it 
