1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
735 
I am opposed to the amendment. This matter, 
if I. understand it, was submitted to us last year 
a conditional contract, to be approved or dis- 
approved by us. We did neither the one nor the 
other; but we sent out our agents for the express 
purpose of proving or disproving the facts which 
had been spread before us. 
deny that we thero- 
by gave any assurances or put ourselves under 
any obligations to approve this any more than we 
were under before. We sent our agents there for 
the purpose of learning how we should vote here 
in this House at this time; and because wc chose 
to acquaint ourselves with regard to the facts, it 
is now claimed that we are excluded from voting. 
The proposition of the gentleman from New York 
[Mr. SEDGWICK] is monstrous. W c scnt a com- 
mission there, as I have stated, for the express 
purpose of satisfying ourselves here whether we 
ought to accept or reject this contract. We paid 
the expenses of this commission, and we did 
nothing to imply that we were Ünder an obliga- 
tion to accept this contract. W c did do it 
then and have not done it since, and we areas free 
to vote to-day as when this humbug first showed 
itself in Congress. 
'I'he question was then taken on Mr. SEDG- 
WICK's amendment; and it was rcjcctcd. 
Mr. IIOLMAN. Without occupying the time 
of the House with any discussion of this subject, 
I move the followin2 amendment to the amend- 
ment of tho gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Monsn.] 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Add 
Proz•ided further, That said sum of rnoney shall not be 
paid until the Republic ot• Costa Rica Shall have eontinned 
to the United States the rights of property and franchises 
which the said Alnbrose W. '['hmnpson and the Chiriqui 
Improvetnent C0Jnpany have, by their contract with the 
Secretary ot• the Navy, conditionally transferred and •pro 
posed to secure to the United States. 
Mr. SICKLES. I suggest to the gentleman 
from Indiana that Costa Rica has entered into no 
convention with the United States; and I think that 
his arnendnlent is conceived in quite an erroneous 
view of the contract between Costa Rica and 
Mr. Meagher. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 believe, Mr. Chairman, 
that I do not misapprehend the state of this con- 
tract. Whatever contract may have hitherto been 
entered into between the various persons under 
whom Mr. Thcnnpson and this Chiriqui Corn- 
pan y clairn and the Republic of New Granada, 
whatever may be the nature of these gravits of 
property and franchiso which are now proposed 
to be conferred upon the United States, I deem 
my amendment important, so that if Costa Rica, 
within whose limits these franchises exist, con- 
firms them, then there will be some foundation for 
the claim which these parties propose to transfer. 
The amend ment to the an'iendment was agreed to. 
The question was then taken on Mr. MORSE's 
amendment as amended; and it was rejected. 
The Senate amendrnent was then non-• n 
curved in. 
Fourth amendment of the Senate: 
"It) enable the Superintendent of the Public Printing to 
carrv into effect the provisions of the joint resolution in 
relation to the Public Printing, approved June, 23, 1860, 
$135,000: Provided, 'I'hat no part ofthis appropriation shall 
bc expended until the title to the property purchased shall 
have been cxatflined and approved by the Attorney Generat 
of the United States. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways 
and Means recommend a concurrence in that 
amendment. 
Mr. S'I'ANTON. ask for a division on that 
It is for the purchase of Wendell 's 
amendment. 
printincr establishment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will say few words in 
By a law of the 
explanation of the amendment. 
last session, the Secretary of the Interior, I be- 
licve, with the Superint.endent of' l,he Pu l)lic Print- 
incr, was authorized to buy a printing office, at a 
price not to exceed #150,000. The contract, when 
made, was to be submitted to the Joint Commit- 
tee on Printing of the Senate and the House of 
Representatives. By thc law the contract, when 
made and approvcd by the Joint Committee on 
Printing, was perfect and As a rnatler 
of course, the Committee of Ways and Means had 
no control of the question. -we had offcial in- 
formation that tho contract had been made for the 
purchase of what is known as Wendell 's printing 
office, and that it had been approved, not only by 
the Joint Committee on Printing, but by the Sec- 
retary of the Interior, the Attorney General, and 
the President of the United States. We wei•e in- 
formed that it had been apnroved by a unanimous 
vote of thc Joint Commitcee on Printincr. There- 
fore, sir, all we could do under the law, was sim- 
ply to provide the money to carry it into effect. 
do not know whether this contract is right or 
I do not know whether the amount is too 
great or too little. Under the law of Ilme last ses- 
sion, the contract was perfected when the Joint 
Conunittee on Printing of the two Houses ap- 
proved it. The Committee of MT ays and Means 
would have been derelict to their duty if they had 
not provided means for carrying the contract into 
effect. That is all I have to say on thc subject. 
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the contract an executed 
contract. ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is. There were no con- 
ditions in the law except that the contract made 
by the Superintendent of Public Printing should 
be approved by the Joint Committee on Printino 
of both Houses. The oflicial information is, that 
it was approved by that committee, 
that it was 
approved by every member of the committee, of 
the Senate and of this House; and besides that, it 
was approved by thc Attorney General arid the 
Secretary of the, Interior. To obviate all trouble 
about it, we have put in a proviso that the rnoney 
shall not be paid until the Attorney General shall 
pass judgment upon the title of tho property. 
NIr.GURLEY. Mr. 
olution passed at the last session of Congress, the 
Superintendent of the Public Printing was author- 
ized to contract for the erection or the purchase 
of the necessary buildincr and machinery and ma- 
terials for a Governinent printing office. 
In the 
pcrformance of that duty hc sought the advice 
and counsel of the Secretary of thc Interior; and 
the followin.ff letter will show what were the con- 
clasions at which they arrived: 
OFFICE OF SUPERIN'I'ENDEN'I' OP Pum,rc PRINTING, 
January 22, 1861. 
SIR : In reply to your verbal inquiry, have to state that, 
in the execution of t.hc duties nnposed upon by the joint 
resolution of June 23, 1860, in relation to the public print- 
iug, I conferred, unotficially, with thc Secretary of thc In- 
tcrior, and had tbc benefit ot• his kindly advice and assist- 
ance throughout. Ile examinc(l personally the print.inø 
establishinent of Mr. Rives, and that formcrly mvned by 
Mr. Wendell, with a view to their eligibility for Govern- 
Ile conferred with Mt:. Clark, at. present 
ment purposes. 
the eonsulting architect of the Int.erior Department., under 
whose superintendence Wendell's office was built, as to its 
Inaterials and construction ; and he had one of his clerks, 
a practical printer, for portions of several days, cxamininø 
the prin ting rnatcrials and Inachinery, eoin paring them with 
the schedule, and estirnating their value in accordance with 
the list of prices. And the result of the Secretary •s exani- 
ination and information was a full concurrence in the pro- 
priety of purchasing Wendell's establishment at the price 
aareed upon. 
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, 
JOHN 11 Superintendent. 
Hon. JOHN A. GURLEY, Chairman Committee on Printing 
Ilouse of Representatives. 
I hold in my hand the report of the Superin- 
tendcnt of the Pu IJkic Prin ting, in which it is shown 
that this office, for which we now agree to pay 
$135,000, cost some five years aco. 
Here, in the report, is a full•schedule of the arti- 
cles purchased. There is no concealmellt upon 
It is open to the eye of every one. 
the subject, 
Any gentleman can take this schedule, walk into 
the printing office, and with his own eyes verify 
the statements made here. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 would say that the rea- 
son why I put the question to the gentleman 's 
colleague was, that I had heard it stated—I know 
not how correctly—that the property had fre- 
quent}y been offered to private parties for $80,000. 
Mr. GURLEY. 1 am very glad to be able to 
answer tl'iC gentleman upon that point. I inquired I 
specifically of those who hold a controlling in- 
terest in this establishment, and they denied tho 
statement, and said the report was untrue. The 
printing presses l')umber twenty-six, and cost 
$48,000. They are purchased for $36,000. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. to ask the gen- 
tlcman a question, just at this point. 
He says 
the printing presses in the establishment number 
twenty-six. I wish to know of him whether all 
of those printing presses are in a condition to be 
used at this tune? 
Mr. GURLEY. 1 believe they are. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Are you informed upon 
that point? 
Mr. GURLEY. Ihave so understood. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. From whom? 
I Mr. GURLEY, 1 have myself examined the 
office, in connection with the Superintendent and 
other parties in the officc, and I have always un- 
derstood that the presses were in good-working or- 
I der; if they were not, a very few days' work would 
put them in order. There is a machine shop con- 
nected with the concern for the repair of any 
machinery. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. am informed that 
number of the presses are broken and out of 
order. 
Mr. GURLEY. The type and furniture cost 
$26,000. we agree to pay $13,000. That that 
a reasonable rate, any gentleman will bc satis- 
fied who will examine the work done upon the 
type. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Is not considerable 
portion of the type damaged from use ? 
Mr. GURLEY. Of course the type is not as 
good as new; but we pay only one half price for 
it. You will see that it makes very good work, 
by reference to the printed reports and bills before 
you. The printing of this House is now done in 
that offce. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. If the type are 
out, they are worth only the value of the metal. 
Mr. GURLEY. They are not worn out. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 want more 
inf'orrnation than is contained in that report. 
Mr. GURLEY. I now desire to read, in con- 
nection with this subject, an extract from a speech 
made by Mr. CAMERON in the Senate the other 
day, in which he uses the followinü language: 
Every Senator present, I suppose, knows that K have 
always been opposed to the establishrnent of a Government 
printing office. 
I think it wrong, and i believe, titne w NI 
prove it; hut have paid some attention to tbissubject, and 
I an-I satisfied that the wisest thing that could have been 
done under the, circmnstanees, was to buy this omce. This 
printing oflicc of Wendell is most perli±ct printing office, 
not only in the United States, but in the world. 
Inuch larger sum than the Government has agreed to pay 
(Or it, and you have saved a great Inany jobs by making this 
purebasc. I am satisfied that from seventy-five to one hun- 
dred thousand dollars have bcen saved by making this ar- 
rangmnent, and God only knows how much more you save 
Croni what would be expended if you were to go on and 
erect a new building. 
I think that everybody who is in 
thvor or thc interesÉ of the Government, and who is in 
favor of stopping Elle constant plunder in the shape of public 
printing, ought at once to vote Ibr the appropriation to buy 
this office." 
I fully believe that statement of Mr. CAMERON. 
I believe the Government could not now erect that 
building and furnish it with all the necessary ma- 
terials we find there, for #235,000, in the way the 
Government usually do their business. 
law had gone into operation last session, and we 
had had [his same printing offce, you would have 
saved thcentire costofit by this time. Our printing 
and bii)ding last session amounted to about four 
hundred thousand dollars. Thirty-three ccn t. 
upon that would be within a fraction of one hun- 
dred and thirty-five thousand dollars. That 
amount you would have saved, if the offce had 
gone into operation at the commencement of the 
last session. 
Again: as the printing is now done, you have 
to wait four, six, and eight months for your doc- 
umen ts. That was the case with the rnechanical 
part of the Patent Offce report. The Superin- 
tendent says, only give him the offee, and the 
means to carry it 01'), and he will give you the 
agricultural report in thirty days. I do not wish 
to prolong this discussion. Every gentleman can 
examine the report for himself. Here is a sched- 
ule of every article purchased; and I end by re- 
peatingthat, while theestablishmentcost$185,000, 
we am•ee to give only #135,000 for it. The mem- 
bers of the committee, on the part of both the Sen- 
ate and House, looked over the papers, looked into 
the whole subject; and four of them visited the 
printing office, went all over the estimates, and 
then unanimously concurred in the report. 
Mr. SICKLES. I move to strike out the last 
two words of the amendment proposed by the gene 
tleman from Ohio. I arn remmded by this discus- 
sion. so far as it has proceeded, of a definition, 
which I learned at school, of the rule of permuta- 
tion; which was, as nearly as can recollect, de- 
I fined to be the different number of attitudes or 
positions which a given nu'lüber of persons may 
occupy. For two days we have heard our friends 
upon ihe other side of the House, and especially 
the distinguished chairman of the Committee of 
Ways and Means, and I believe the chairman of 
the Committee on Printing, or at any rate, he will 
