736 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4. 
do Sö by his vote, say that the Government of the 
United States should , under no circumstances, get 
its coal where ib might find it cheapest; that it was 
wrong in principle for the Government to enter 
into any sort of business. Now, the Committee 
of Ways and Means recommends that the Gov- 
ernment shall enter the printing business; that it 
shall buy a printing offce; that it shall employ 
hands; that ib shall buy presses; and that it shall 
establish a complete printing omce in this city, to 
the exclusion of all private enterprise and compe- 
tition. And, in order to commend that proposi- 
tion to the House, the chairman of the Committee 
of Ways and Means tells us it has been approved 
by high authority in the Senate, and cites the 
names of certain distinguished men in the Senate 
and the Finance Committee, as having favored this 
kroposition; and therefore we ought to pass it. 
ow, I would like to hear from the chairman of 
the Committee of Ways and Means the reasons 
which 'justify this Government in going into the 
printing business, and yet prohibits it from buy- 
Ing coal where it can get it cheapest, when the 
latter measure has been recommended by the same 
high authority which he quotes in favor of the 
former proposition ? 
Mr. BURNETT, (Mr. BRANCH in the chair 
temporarily.) I am opposed to this amendment 
I have opposed, from its incep- 
of the Senate. 
tion, the idea of thc establishment of a Govern- 
ment printing offce, being satisfied, for reasons 
I gave at the last session of Congress, that it was 
wrong, and would involve a much heavier ex- 
penditure than even our present system of havincr 
the printing done. 
That question do not now propose. to discuss. 
But the chairman of the Committee on Printing 
tells us that this office. cost $185,000, and that the 
Superintendent of the Public Printing proposes to 
pay only $135,000 for it. The question, what was 
the original cost of the building and the materials 
now in it, is one that is not practically presented 
to us; because we know that when nn establish- 
ment like this has bccn in use for a ntunber of 
years, a large amount of the material in it is unfit 
for the use for which it was originally purchased. 
I ask the gentleman, how much type there is in 
this printing establishment? 
I believe there is 
about fifteen tons; I do not remember the precise 
tunount; but I undertake to say here, that you 
may send any practical printer you can find in 
this city to examine. that office, and he will tell 
you that not one third of the in it is worth 
one cent for practical printing purposes. 
we told here— 
, , and an extract to the same 
purport, from a speech madc in the Senate, has 
been read—that this is the most perfect printing 
establisluncnt in the country or in the world. 
Now, it is a well-known fact., and it must have 
been known to the mernbcrs of t.be Comrniltee on 
Printing, that a large number of the printin« 
prcs,scs in tl'iis cstablishkncrlt. are not only unfit for 
use, but it is problematical whether any expend- 
iturc of money upon them would render thorn fit 
for use. 
Mr. Cl)airrnan, when the gentleman fronn Penn- 
sylvania [Mr. STEVENS] was talking, the other 
day, to his Republican friends about economy, I 
felt like comrralulating him. '1'he chairman of the 
Comrnitte.c on Printing [Mr. GURLEY] tells us that, 
if this public printing office had gone into opera- 
tion last year, we should by this time have sa.ved 
the cntirc cost of the establishment. The gentle- 
man, I believe, is no practical printer; he belongs 
t.o another profession, and to n better one t.han I 
do. I am printm•, but I would like to know 
how he arrives at that conclusion. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. call 
the gentleman to order. •What n•ofession is bet- 
ter than ours—the law? [Laug 
Mr. BURNETT. That, siF, of the Gospel. 
[More laughter.] 
i should like very tnuch to 
knov„r h0\V' the gentleman fronl Ohio makes his esti- 
mate of the economy of this public printing offce. 
to exist under the present system of public print- 
ing will be increased fourfold under the new sys- 
tem. 
There is another point to which I desire to re- 
i take it for grapted that if my friend—the 
fer. 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means 
—had a piece of property, he would •understand 
what he paid for it, and its market value, better 
than any one else; and so I take it for granted 
that the proprietor of this printing establishment 
knows what he paid for it, and can estimate its 
worth better than any one else. Well, there is a 
law in this District which requires parties to re- 
gister their property for taxation. There were 
two printing offces examined by the Superintend- 
ent of the Public Printing—one belonging to John 
C. Rives, and the other this one of Wendell 's— 
and Wendell himself, in valuing his own property, 
puts the amount largely below what thc Superin- 
tendent of Public Printing has agroed to pay for 
it. That is a matter of record. Was the chair- 
man of the Committee on Printing advised of that 
fact? And more than that, it was valued for a 
less sum than the other printing establishment, 
svhen the proprietors themselves estimated the 
value of the respective establishments. 
But the chairman of the Cormnittec of Ways 
and Means says that this is an executed contract. 
With all due deference to his legal ability, I beg 
leave to differ from him. I say it is not an exc- 
cuted contract. Why? Because the provisions 
of the law passed at the last session of Congress 
have not been complied with, and until Congress 
carries out the entire provisions of that law, it 
does not become an executed contract. 
Now, sir, I have no hope in the world that any- 
thing any man could say here would stop this 
thing. The recommendation of the Committee 
of Ways aud Means will be adopted. I have 
no doubt of that; for the Committee of Ways 
and Means is omnipotent here; and when they 
recommend anything, a majority of the House 
will vote for it. But I want to say to gentlemen 
upon thc Republican side of the House: bay this 
printing estal)lishmcnt, pay $135,000 to Cornelius 
Wendell & Co., and these men who have shin- 
gled it over with rnortgages, and are endeavorincr 
to lobby this amendmdnt through the House, and 
next session you will have to make appropria- 
tions for new presses and new type; for the pres- 
ent material of the cstablishment is not fit for the 
purposes for which we require it. 
Mr. SICKLES, by unanimous consent, with- 
drew his amendment to the amendment. 
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend- 
ment by striking out " $135,000," and inserting 
$100,000. " 
MI'. Chairman, ever since I have been a mem- 
ber of this House there has been no scheme con- 
nec.ted with the plunder of the public Treasury 
and the printing, upon which the of Cor- 
nelius Wendell has not been cast. 
I am, there- 
fore, very reluctant to vote for an appropriation 
to ratify any contract to which he is a party. I 
have no great confidence in this contract, not only 
on account of the party who is to scll thc prop- 
crty, but I havc not the utmost confidence in the 
party that is the buyer. 
I know that the Com- 
mittee on Printing, at thc last session, (rave for the 
binding of this Elouse $25,000 rnore than it might 
have been done for by another party equally well 
qualified, for the benefit of political favorites; and 
that fäct is proved in public documents, and by 
sworn testimony. For that reason, Mr. Chair- 
, I nt to scru tinize this con tract very closely 
I want to know certainly that the property for 
which it is proposed to give $135,000, is worth the 
money; and I have no such evidence before me. 
lugree,sir, with the gentleman from Kentucky, 
[Mr. BURNETT,] that this whole scheme for the 
establishment of a Government printing bureau 
originated in corruption, and that. it will result in 
increased corruption arid in an enlarged expendi- 
ture for the public printing. 
The whole thing 
Now, will make a prediction to gentlemen here, ought to be abandoned at once, and some honest 
and I want. it to be remernbered. I predict that - mode of doing the public printing ought to be re- 
when you get into operation this mammoth print- 
sorted to. That is my judgrnent. 
But you have 
ing establishment under the control of the Gov- got a printing bureau now, and you want to buy 
ernment, it will be an asylum where broken down a printing offce. will go into the market, 
priiiters and politicians and country editors and and buy new materials frorn the manufacturers at 
that class of mon X.vill find places under the Gov- W fair, honest market prices; but I will not bargain 
ernment and druw pay from the Treasury of the with a gentleman who has been enoaged in cor- 
United States; and not only 'Will the public print- 
ruption about this Capitol for ten years for an old, 
ing cost more, but the corruption which charged broken down establishment. I am opposed to this 
amendment of the Senate, and I hope the House 
will vote it down 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 desire to offer an 
amendment to the amendment now pending. 
CHAIRMAN, (Mr. BURNETT in the 
chair.) There is now an amendment to 'he amend- 
ment pending, on which the question must first 
It is the amendment of the gentleman 
be taken. 
from Ohio, [Mr. STANTON,] to strike. out $135,000 
and insert $100,000. 
The question was taken; and the Chair an- 
nounced that it was decided in the affirmative. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 apprehend, Mr. Chair- 
man, that a debate, in opposition to the amend- 
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, is in 
order. 
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania had risen and expressed a desire to 
oppose it, the Chair would have heard him. 
Mr. FLORENCE. invited thc Chair's at- 
tention by a loud vociferation, [laughter;] but the 
Chair paid no attention to it. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman did not do 
so till after the Chair had propounded the ques- 
tion. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 did not care very much 
about getting the floor, as I conceived the chair- 
man of the Committee on Printino• wrould have 
taken it; but I will now take the floor in opposi- 
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from 
I Ohio. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the Chair 
will certainly determine, in his own discretion, 
who is entitled to the floor. The gentleman from 
Illinois [Mr. MCCLERNAND] is now entitled to the 
! floor. The Chair stated there was an amendment 
to an amendment pending, and then the Chair 
propounded the question upon it 
Mr. FLORENCE. Just then, at that very 
moment, I rose and 
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania permit the Chair to proceed ? 
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly, sir. 
The CHAIRMAN. The vote was 
and the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio 
was decided to bc agreed to. T hc Chair did not 
hear the gentleman from Pennsylvania till after 
tho result was announced. 
Mr. FLORENCE. Mien, it was not the fault 
of the gen Ilemall frozn Pennsylvania that the Chair 
did not hear him. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair not. 
[Laughter.] The gentlcman from Illinois is enti- 
tled to the. floor. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 offer the following 
amendment as a proviso to the amendment: 
Provided, 'l'hat no part of said sum shall be paid until a 
colmnittce of not less than five practical printers, to be ap- 
pointed by the President, shall report that thc materials 
are in good order, and that the establisluncnt is worth the, 
said amount. 
Mr. Chairman, I agree With you in opinion 
that nothing you 11)ay say, I may say, or any- 
one elSe,may say, would avail anything to defeat 
this apiropriation . 
I take it that. it is predes- 
tined to pass. Nevertheless, I have some objec- 
tions to it, which I beg leave to state in the hear- 
ing of the committee. 
We have, heard from the chairman of the Com- 
mittee on Public Printing that a joint resolution 
was passed at the iast session authorizing the Su- 
perintendent of the Public Printincy to erect or pur- 
chase a printinff establishment, and declaring that 
the contract of purchase should bec.01ne binding 
when approved -by the Joint Committee on Print- 
ing of both Houses. Now, I understand that the 
lots on which this printincr establishment—the one 
bargained for—stands, are not owned by Mr. 
Wendell; that he possesses no valid title to them; 
nor have I heard the contrary asserted by any 
gentleman on this floor. 
Indeed, the gentleman 
from Ohio, the chairmdn of the Committee of 
Waysand Means, by implication, admits the fact. 
His amendment suspending tho cmupletion of the 
purchase until the Attorney General shall have 
approved the title to the property, is evidence of 
such ad mission . 
Mr. SHERMAN-. Will my friend from Illi- 
nois allow me to correct him? Upon the estimate 
of the Secretary of the Interior, we put an appro- 
priation of $135;000 on the regular civil appropri- 
ation bill, and there we inserted a provision re- 
quiring the title to be approved by the Attorney 
