738 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 4, 
dell has not one cent interest in the eoncern, or 
iåthei' he will not receive a cent of the purchase 
money. I say it on the authority of those who 
hold the controlling interest in the building. But, 
suppose he did own it, what was that to us? We 
were looking simply to the interests •of the Gov- 
ernment, I care not who owns the offce. I un- 
dertake to say that it is the best printing offce in 
the United States; and if gentlemen wish to verify 
that fact, let.them jump into a carriage when they 
leave the House and visit it-with this report of the 
Superintendent of the Public Printing in their 
hands. 'Ilhe measurer of the Capitol extension 
examined the building and estimated its present 
.value,.and• the result was as follows: He says 
the building would now cost $54,000 to erect to- 
day. What did the Superintendent pay for it? 
F.oi•ty thousand dollars, a saving upon this esti- 
mate of $14,000 upon the building alone. 
One gentleman has referrcd to the binding. 
1 
shall be glad, indeed, when this binding shall be 
transferred to this Government establishment; but 
when he remarks that $25,000 could have been 
I 
saved if other parties had received thc binding, 
It is not true. I an-I aware that a certain 
deny it. 
gentleman of his acquaintance put in an offer to do 
the work at. a lower rate, after the work was given 
out; an irresponsible man, a bankrupt, as I am 
informed, pecuniarily; not a binder, and therefore 
not a proper person to do the work. Ifthe binding 
had been given to him, I have no doubt it would 
hit-ve been done in some sort of u way at some sort 
ofa price. 
Mr. KUNKEL. I will say, now, what I en- 
deavored to say a short time since in reply to the 
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. STANTON,] and that 
IS, that .the House Committee on Printing made a 
contract for the binding at the rate of foi•ty cents 
per volume quarto, while the Senate made a con- 
tract for its binding at seventy-five cents per vol- 
ume quarto. It is proper, therefore, in connection 
with the remarks of the gentleman from 01] io, 
that the Corn miltee on Printing of this House I 
should bc vindicated from the charge made against 
it in reference to this specific contract for printing. 
Under that contract, the House pays much less for 
the same work t.han is paid by the Senate. 
Mr. GURLEY. The Senate gave out the bind- 
ing at seventy-five cents and twelve and a half 
cents; while the committee of the House gave it 
out at forty cents and twelve cents, or nearly one 
hundred per cent. less, taking the two works, 
than the Senate. 'I'he members of this House 
will bear testimony that ours is the best binding 
that has ever been done in this city. It is so cer- 
tified to by all connected with the Superintendent's 
Office and others. 
Now, a word in reference to the printing ofhce 
I am assured by the 
that has been purchased. 
Superintendent that every press in that office is in 
good working order to-day; and us to the type, 
we need not dispute about it here, for each mem- 
bcr has before hirn the bills, reports, and other 
docurnen ts, which have been ordered to be printed 
upon it fi•om time to time. Tl)ey wili decide for 
then'isckves whether thc type is good or not. For 
myself', I say that the type is excellent; and that 
no printing need be better than that now done for 
this House. 
I arn aware, Mr. Chairman, that there is com- 
I am aware that there is 
petition in this matter. 
another printing office, the owner of which would 
be glad to sell it to the Government. 'l'he Super- 
intendent and the Secretary of the Interior, I be- 
lieve, looked carefully into that ofhce, and found 
insuperable objections to it. 
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, then 
withdrew his amendment. 
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Chairman, at the last 
session of Congress—in consequence of the fact 
that we had heard for several years, as was re- 
marked by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. STAN- 
TON,] the•name of Cornelius Wendell and others 
connected with allegations of great impropriety, 
in respect of our public printing—Congress passed 
a bill to establish a Government printing offce. 
I voted for that bill; and I have not as yet had any 
reason to doubt the propriety of the vote I then 
gave. Under tho law, we authorized the Superin- 
tendent of the Public Printing either to purchase 
materials for an establishment or to purchase an 
establishment already erected, and to make a con- 
tract for it, subicct to the approval of the Joint 
Committee on Printing of the two Houses. It 
has been offcially réported to us that the Superin- 
tenden't of the Public Printing has, in pursuance of 
law, entered intö a contract which has received 
the sanction, nov only of the Joint Committee on 
Printing; but also of the Secretary of the Interior. 
The question now presented to us, sir, is not 
whether the law was a good one which the last 
Congress passed , or whether this contract is favor- 
able to the Government; but whether wye shall 
abide by a contract, and carry it out, which was 
made under a law passed by ourselves. 
Gentlemen say that the contract is an injudi- 
If that be so,- the Committee on •pub- 
Clous one. 
lic Printing and the Superintendent of the Public 
Printing are responsible to Congress for what they 
If there was any corruption in the 
have done. 
purchase, investigate it and ascertain the fact. If 
It can be shown that there has been corruption, 
then I will go as far as the furthest in the pun- 
ishment of all those connected with such corrup- 
tion: But no allegation of that sort is made. No 
proof is brought forward even to excite a suspi- 
cion that there has bcen corruption on the part of 
anybody in this transaction. The Superintendent 
of the Public Printing has done what we author- 
ized him by law to do. He has made a contract 
which is a subsisting and binding contract on the 
Government. Congress, according to my view of 
it, is in honor bound to carry out that contract, and 
pay the money under its provisions. If gentlemen 
think there has been anything improper about it, 
let them institute an investigation, and we can 
suspend this appropriation long enough to ascer- 
tain whether the party ownil')g ihis office has been 
If he has been guilty, and 
guilty of corruption. 
it can be shown, then we may annul this contract. 
Until such charges are made, I hold that it is the 
duly of Congress to make this appropriation to 
pay for the office that has been purchased, and in 
every way to carry out this contract, which ap- 
pears to have been made in strict conformity to 
the authority which ••,ve ourselves conferred. It 
appears to mc, under thc present circumstanccs, 
witflout some further allegations than those made 
here in this debate, we are consuming time unne- 
cessapily in disc.ussing whether it was a judicious 
contract or not, because; under the law, wre are 
bound to carry it out. 
I'vh•. STANTON. Mr. Chairman,l regret very 
much that my colleague has seen fit to endeavor, 
in this debate, as he has done heretofore, to cast an • 
imputation or aspersion upon the character of the 
gentleman who made the bid to which he refers. 
i know that gentleman well; and if poverty be a 
crime in the estimation of my colleague, perhaps 
the people who sent him here would like to know 
I know, as have said, the gentleman he re- 
it. 
fers to well; and, without meaning any disparage- 
ment to my colleague, m.vill say to him that he 
ought to be proud to be regarded as socially and 
intellectually his equal. 
In reference to the, contract to which he refers, I 
have something to say which I know, and which 
is established by sworn proof. I do not know 
It may be worse 
what the Senate contract is. 
than the House contract. But I know that the 
House committee was offered, by a responsible 
party, a bid abundantly guarantied to do the bind- 
ing for the House at forty cents per volume, quar- 
to, and ten cents per volume, octavo. I know that 
that bid was made at three o'clock, the day after 
the Committee on Printino• was appointed. 
1 
I know that John C. Rives offered 
know more. 
to do the House binding at eight cents and seven 
mills per volume, octavo, and thirty-five cents 
know that those bids were 
pcr volume, quarto. 
refused , and that the contract was awarded to a po- 
litical editor, residing at Columbus, the capital of 
my colleague's own State, and the organ of a dis- 
tinguishod politician of that State, and awarded 
at a price amounting in the aggregate to $25,000 
more than it was bid for by a competent and re- 
sponsible party. That I know; and there is no 
controversy about it. 
I know more. 
I know 
that, at the last session of Congress, the gentleman 
from Maine offered a resolution in this House in. 
structing the Committee on Printing to inquire 
into the expediency of letting the contract for 
binding out to the lowest bidder. 
It was sent to 
the Committee on Printing, of which my colleague 
is chairman; but it has never yet been reported 
back. The reason why, I do not know. 
Mr. BRA.NCH, by unanimous consent* with- 
drew his amendment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope we will now have 
a vote on the amendment. 
Mr. FOUKE. i move to amend by increasing 
the appropriation five dollars. 
Mr. GURLEY. 1 wish to say a word. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman musthave 
an amendment. 
Mr. GURLEY. I move to increase the appro- 
I want to sa.y a word irn•eply 
priation one dollar. 
to my colleague. We had given out the binding 
before the proposition to which my colleague 
ludes came in. The author of the proposal first 
bid at a higher rate than we gave the binding out 
at; but finding that the contract was given to an- 
other, afterwards sent in a lower bid from pure 
malice, as subsequent development showed. 
Mr. FOUKE.. I have not yielded the floor. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the 
gentleman to yield. 
Mr. FOUKE. only for an explanation. 
Mr. GURLEY. 1 not occupy the floor 
long. The Senate gave out the binding at a much 
higher rate than we-did. The gentleman who did 
the binding for the session previous to the last, 
complained that he lost money on his contract, 
and he came to the Senate with an extra claim - 
for losses sustained in doing the binding. Yet he 
received more than is now allowed to the binders 
for this House. To cut the matter short, I say 
you can get the binding donc in this towrn for 
almost any price. At least, men will agree to do 
the binding at any price; but, sir, before they get 
through they will come to Congress and ask for 
extra pay, with a good prospect of receiving it. 
We gave out the binding at fair and honest rate, 
as every man knows who is in that business, and 
as was demonstrated beföre the Senate committee 
last year. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 desire to ques- 
tion right there. Was it because other contractors 
asked an advance upon their contract prices that 
the committee offered to contract at a higher price 
than was bid by others? 
Mr. GURLEY. The Senate 
for extra pay, although they received a higher 
price than •ve gave the binder of the House. They 
undertook to show, and did show, before a com- 
mittee of the Senate, that they lost money. If 
you would have good binding, you must pay a 
fair price. Many of your books which have been 
heretofore bound come to pieces by very slight 
handling, and in passing through the mails. We 
can get such binding done at almost any price. 
Irresponsible men are wikling to take work of the 
Government below cost, do it badly, and come in 
for extra pay. The very man who made the bid 
for binding referred to by my colleague, came to 
my own house last winter and demanded the bind- 
ing for partisan services, at old prices, seventy- 
five cents and twelve and a half cents, almost a 
hundred per cent. more than we now pay for it; 
and threatened that if we did not give it to him, 
he would send in a bid for it below cost, and then 
call for an investigating committee, and expose 'he 
whole thing. An investigation of this subject was 
made before the, Senate King committee last ses- 
sion, and his doings were exposed to his own 
damage, instead of ours, as any one can see by 
the report of that committee. 
Mr. FOUKE. know nothing about the mat- 
ters which have been discussed upon this floor in 
reference to the expenditures of the two branches 
I wish merely to state that, at the 
of Congress. 
first session of the present Congress, I opposed 
and voted against the proposition that this Gov- 
ernment should go into the business of public 
printing, and establish a public printing offce for 
the printing of the two branches of Congress. But 
as that proposition has been carried, and a bill is 
now before us making an appropriation for the • 
purpose of establishing a printing offce for the 
Government, and the purchasing of this particu- 
lar property for that end, am in favor of the ap- 
propriation, and in favor of purchasing the iden- 
I am in 
tical office which is named this bill. 
favor of it for the reason that if we x.verc to go to 
work to establish a new office for thisGovernment, 
by erecting buildings and entering into contracts 
with employés, we would find, in the end, that 
the expenditure would amount to more than the 
$135,000 which it is proposed now to appropriate. 
I will admit—and I have no doubt of it—that 
the amount proposed to be appropriated is more 
than the property is worth; but this building, 
