1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
09 
which is one of the most complete printing omces 
in the United States, was got up by private en- 
terprise for the purpose of accommodating the 
two Houses of Congress, and for the purpose of 
doing the printing for the different Departments of 
the Government; and were we to go into the oper- 
ation of purchasing new grounds, and erectino 
new buildings in place of tlie one we propose now 
to purchase, we would destroy that private en- 
terprise entirely; and therefore I think there is a 
moral obligation resting upon us to purchase this 
instead of purchasing new grounds and property. 
The dimension of this building is two hundred 
and sixty-four by one hundred and seventy-five 
feet. No new building of that size could now be 
erected by the Government by giving it out by 
contract in the manner in which such contracts 
are usually made by the Government, except by 
an expenditure far beyond $135,000. We know 
the favoritism which has been exercised by this 
House and by the committee in giving out con- 
tracts; and the purchase of presses and type in 
New York and Philadelphia—the two great points 
where these articles are manufactured—and the 
erection of a building, to say nothing about the 
cost of the' ground, would greatly exceed the sum 
now to be appropriated. And then we should 
do injustice to a private enterprise which was in- 
vited into the printing business by the action of 
the two Houses of Congress. 
Therefore, I am in favor of purchasing this 
property under this bill, although I was opposed 
last session to the establishment ofa public print- 
ing office bv the Government. 
Mr. GUftLEY, by unanimous consent, with- 
drew his amendment. 
The question was taken on Mr. MCCLERNAND's 
amendment; and it was lost. 
The question was taken on the Senate amend- 
ment, as amended; and it was not agreed to. 
Fifth Senate amendment: 
For compensation of the clerks, and for office rent, fuel, 
&c., in the laud office of Kickapoo, Kansas, $12,857 92, in 
accordalkce with section seven of An act n'laking appro 
priatious fior certain civil expenses of the Government," 
&c., approved August 18, 1856. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways 
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this 
amendment. 
The amendment was not concurred in. 
Sixth amendment of the Senate: 
For carrying the mails from New York, via Panama, to 
San Francisco, three tinies a Inonth, from the 1st of July, 
1860, to the 1st o? July 1861, at the rate of $350,000 per an- 
nun), from which surn shall bc deducted the amount received 
for postages on said route; and the Postmaster General is 
hereby authorized to contract fbr carrryiug the *nails in the 
mahncr aforesaid, until the 30th of June next, at the saine 
rate of cotnpensation ; and so much Inoney is hereby appro- 
priated out of the rrrcasury of the United States as Inay be 
necessary to carry out the said contract. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways 
and lvleans recommend a non-concurrence in this 
amendment. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of ways 
and Means have directed me to offer an amend- 
ment to this amendment, by striking out all the 
latter clause, commencing with the words, " and 
the Postmaster General."- They then recommend 
that the first clause be agreed to. This will con- 
form the amendment to thc action of the House 
the other day upon the post route bill. 
The. amendment to t.he amendment was affreed 
to; and the Senate amendment, as amended, was 
concurred in. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee 
rise and report the bill tethe House. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committeee rose; and the Speaker having 
resuinecl the chair, Mr.. BURNETT reported that the 
Committee of the Whole on thc state of the Union 
had, according to order, had under consideration 
the Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 866) 
making appropriations for supplying deficiencies 
in the service for the fiscal year ending June 30, 
1861, and had directed him to reportthe same back 
to the House with sundry amendments. 
EVENING SESSIONS. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before 1 call the previous 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indinia, objected. 
Mr SHERMAN moved to suspend the rules 
for the purpose of introducing the resolution. 
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed to; 
and thereupon the resolution was introduced, 
and agreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now demand the previous 
question upon the amendments to the deficiency 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 would inquire whether, as 
a matter of right, we are not entitled to a separate 
vote upon the Senate amendments ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 appeal to the from 
Ohio to allow me to move that the Senate be re- 
quested to return the post route bill, for the pur- 
pose of correcting a clerical error. The House 
reduced the cost of the temporary steamship ser- 
vice from $400,000 to $350,000. By a clerical 
error, $300,000 was put into the bill instead of 
$350,000. 
No objection being made , the motion was agreed 
to. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD. 
Mr. CURTIS. Will the gentleman from Ohio 
allow me to introduce a resolution ? 
The resolution was read, as follows: 
Resolved, That House bill No. 701, the Pacific railroad 
bill, which has been passed by the Senate and returned to 
this House with amcnd!ncnts, be taken fron) the Speaker's 
table and made the special order for the day, after the special 
order now pending shan have been disposed of. 
Mr. CURTIS. I n-uove the previous question 
upon the passage of the resolution. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Say, afterthemorn- 
ing hour. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to the intro- 
duction of the resolution. 
Mr. CURTIS. Imove to suspend the rules. 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. There is al- 
ready a resolution to suspend the rules pending, 
for the purpose of taking up a private bill. 
not object to the gentleman'S resolution; but I 
propose to do things in order. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 
If there is a motion 
to suspend the rules pending, the motion of the 
gentleman from Iowa is not in order. 
The, SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point 
of order. 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know of the gen- 
Mr. SHERMAN. If 1 withdraw the demand 
for the previous question, what will •become of 
the deficiency bill? 
Mr. PHELPS. It will •go to !'he Spcaker:'s 
table, of course. 
Mr. SHERMAN. not be reached 
again for six weeks, perhaps. 
My. CURTIS. Then 1 insist on avote on the 
amendments to the deficiency bill now. 
The previous question Was seconded, and the 
main question ordered. 
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the House ad- 
journ. 
The motion was disagreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Iowa can- 
not accomplish his purpose until the amendments 
of the Senate to the deficiency bill shall have been 
disposed of; and the yeas and nays will have to 
be taken on one or two of those amendments. I 
think, therefore, we had better adjourn. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 ask that the resolution 
which I sent up may be read. I think there will 
be no objection to its passage: 
The Clerk read the resolution by its title, as 
follows: 
Joint resolution for extending the time for taking 
testimony on the application of Cyrus H. Mc- 
Cormick for extension of his patent. 
Mr. BURNETT and others objected. 
The following is thc resolution proposed to be 
introduced by Mr. STANTON: 
A joint resolution extending the time for taking testimony 
on the application of Cyrus I-I. McCormick for the exten- 
Sion of his patent. 
Be it •resolecd by the Senate and House of Representatives 
of the United States of ...america in Congress assembled, That 
the further tune of ninety days be given to parties inter- 
ested in resisting the extension of the patent of Cyrus H. 
McConniek, for his patent reaper, or his improvements or 
modifications of the same, to enable them to take testimony 
in opposition to said extension, to be used betore the Com- 
misioner of Patents, on the hearing of the application of 
said McCormick for an extension of said patent. 
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 desire to say to the 
man from. Iowa, and to those gentlemen who agree 
with him, that there seems to me to be no sortof 
necessity for keeping us here this evening to vote 
upon those amendments to thedeficiency bill. The 
gentleman 's proposition is, that the Pacific rail- 
road bill be made the special order after the prop- 
ositions of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. COR- 
WIN,] the chairman of the committee of thirty- 
three, shall have been disposed of. Those prop- 
tleman from Ohio whether ho proposes to bring ositions cannot possibly be disposed of before 
the House to avote upon the Senate amendment's Friday next. The gentleman from Ohio has given 
notice that he expects to call the previous ques- 
to the deficiency bill to-night? 
tion some time on Thursday. If that call shall be 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not until to-morrow. It 
sustained, he will then have a right, under the 
will then come up as unfinished business. 
rules, as chairman of the committee, to conclude 
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 move that the House 
the debate. The speech of the gentleman from 
do now adjourn. 
Mr. STANTON. I send up a resolution, to Ohio, and the votes on the various propositions, 
which I think there will be no objection. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 would like to know what 
objection there is to suspending the rules for the 
resolution which I propose to offer? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided it to 
be out of order at present; and the motion before 
the House is to adjourn. 
Mr. SICKLES. What became of the motion 
of the gentleman from Iowa? It was made before 
the motion to adjourn. 
The SPEAKER. It not received by the 
Chair. 
Mr. SICKLES. But it vvas entitled to be re- 
ceived. A motion to suspend the rules is in order 
any time to-day after the morning hour; and the 
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] a moment 
before moved a suspension of the rules. 
The SPEAKER. There is a motion for the 
previous question pending, which cuts of the 
motion to suspend the rifles. 
Mr. SICKLES. hope the gentleman from 
Ohio will withdraw the demand for the previous 
certainly take up a good partof Friday. That 
will leave only one day, Saturday, which we usu- 
ally devote to private business. I appeal, then, 
to the gentleman from Iowa to let this thing go 
over. He will only lose one day, and next Mön- 
day he will have another chance to bring up his 
bill. Why, under these circumstances, should 
we stay here now to vote on these amendments 
to the deficiency bill ? 
Mr. SICKLES. If the statement of the gen- 
tleman from Virginia be correct, what objection 
can there be to the resolution of thc gen•tleman 
from Iowa, inasmuch as it will not give the Pacific 
railroad bill precedence? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to my friend from 
Iowa that he can have no difficulty in getting up 
his bill whenever a majority of the House desire 
to take it up. He has only to wait until the ex- 
piration of the morning hour, and then a majority 
of the House can postpone the special order, and 
proceed to the consideration of the business on 
the Speaker's table. But if I withdraw the pre- 
vious question now, the deficiency bill will go to 
question for a moment. 
The SPEAKER. There is a motion to adjourn the Speaker's table at the heel of this bill. 
Mr. SICKLES. Will that course be pursued? 
pending. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 hope that will be voted I Mr. CURTIS, There on 
the table before the Pacific railroad bill. 
down. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move the House 
question upon the amendments to the deficiency I i The question was taken on the motion to ad- I 
do now adjourn. 
bill, I desire to submit a motion that, after to-day, journ; and it was disagreed to. 
X'lr. SICKLES. I now appeal to the gentle- The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at 
untit the special order is disposed of, the House 
twen ty minutes past four o 'clock, m.) the House 
shall each day take a recess from four until seven man from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the 
II adjourned. 
previous question for a moment. 
o'clock. 
