742 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
in December last, we Were obliged to pass another I 
bill authorizing an issue of $10,000,000 more of 
Treasurynotes, to meet demands upon the Treas- 
ury, principally occasioned—in fact altogether 
occaéjoned—by the failure to get the money under 
the previous loan bill. When that bill was passed, 
in December, it provided that the money which 
might be obtained under the loan bill of June last 
should be appropriated, as well to the retirement 
of those notes—the we' then 
authorized, as the others. That was provided for 
distinctly. 
The question now arises, as the $25,000,000 
whiåh we now propose to bOrrow will take up all 
the outstanding Treasury notes now due or which 
may become- due within a very short period— 
about' nine million dollars of them—and is de- 
signed to cover that amount: whether we should 
repeal the bill of last June or leave that to operate, 
inorder to meet the which will become 
due next December. That is the simplequestion. 
The answ•er to that will depend simply upon 
whether we believe, in the present condition of 
things in the country, and as the country will un- 
questionably remain for a very considerable por- 
lion of the year in an unsettled state, so far as 
our revenues from importations are concerned, it 
is probable that the present tariff, if it- stands, or 
any new one that we may pass, will be likely to 
prodüce revenue enough, not only to meet the 
current expenses ' of the Government next year, 
but algo to pay this debt of the present Adminis- 
tration, which is left open, of #10,000,000. The 
House of Representatives thought it was best to 
leave this, in order, if the credit of the country im- 
proves, to pay the $10,000,000, to have something 
provided to meet them when they come due to save 
the necessity of future legislauon; and they ac- 
cordingly left that bill as it is. The atnendment 
is to repeal Ihat bill, and to leavc these $10,000,000 
of Treasury notes to take their chance on thc 
Treasury hereafter—next December—when they 
I think it would be very unwise to 
become due. 
do it; there ig no necessitv for doing it; on thc 
contrary, the necessity is rather for letting it re- 
I am, thercfore, opposed to the 
main as it is. 
amendment. 
Mr. PEARCE. As for the Treasury notes 
which were issued in December last, and in .Tan- 
uary of the present year, it will be recollected that 
they bear a very extraordinary rate of interest— 
twelve per cent. I think, most of them, though 
It is not to be supposed 
gome are at a loss rate. 
that these Treasury notes will come upon the 
Treasury for redemption at the. close of the pres- 
ent year. They will be redeemed when the Gov- 
ernment shall have funds to redeem them, and the 
Treasury shall advertise that it is ready to do so. 
No one that holds a Treasury note of the United 
States Government, bearing eleven or twelve per 
cent. interest, will think of presenting it until te- 
quired to do so. The other . 'Ilrcasury notes— 
those issued under the act of 1857—now in mar- 
ket and outstanding, amounting to over nine mil- 
lion dollars, nre provided fbr in the $25,000,000 
loan bill, which now before the Senate. 
not think any loan at all is necessary at this time 
to provide for the Treasury notes issued last De- 
cember and January, since it must be obvious to 
every one that they will remain out. 
The act of June 22, 1860, was required only 
for the purpose of paying off the Treasury notes 
which had been issued under former acts; and I 
havc shown that they have all been redeemed al- 
ready, except these $9,000,000, and provision is 
made for them by this loan of $25,000,000. Then, 
sit, if the service of the Government beyond the 
30th of June next be taken into consideration, it I 
must be remembered that there is another bill 
pending in which there is provision for another 
large loan—a bill reported the Senator from 
Rhode Island, [Mr. SIMMONS.] The act of June 
22, 1860, besides, is impracticable; in the present 
condition of the country, or in any condition in 
which it is likely to be for some months, it 
cannot be of any avail. 
It seems, therefore, to 
be unnecessary to let it remain on the statute- 
book. 
If peace bé restored to the country; if our po- 
litical relations resume their former condition , 
prosperity will return, too; and, under any tariff, 
either that which now exists, or even the one pro- 
posed by the Senator frorrrRhode Island, I take it, 
there probably bc enough revenue for the cur- 
rentsupport oftheGovernment; and I do not think 
it is ad visable for Congress to be making provisions 
for loans beyond the evident necessity and uses 
of the Government. I think, therefore, that while 
this bill is intended as a substitute, in part, for the 
bill of June 22, 1860, we should repeal the act of 
June 22d as useless, and as indicating condition 
of things not actually existing. We substitute 
for it what is much better, because it is efficient; 
because we. can probably realize the money at 
some rate under it, unless the blindness of pollt- 
ical hostility shall still further impair the credit 
of Government. I take it for granted that before 
the end of this session, if it be necessary, though 
I can hardly anticipate that, it will be competent 
for Congress to provide additional loans, and 
those who have the power in both branches of 
Congress will be able to effect it at any time they 
may desire. I think, therefore, it is better to pass 
this amendment. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have no objection to this 
loan bill, provided the amendment of the Senator 
from Marvland be adopted , although it be notgiven 
precisely in the shape in which the Secretary of the 
Treasury asked for it. He asked that Congress 
should make the authority that now exists for bor- 
rowing the $13,000,000, not yet negotiated, of the 
loan last year available, and to provide for the 
residue of this fiscal year in another bill. The 
House of Representatives did not choose t.o give 
it to him in that form, but sent up a loan bill for 
$25,000,000; still leaving this authority existing 
on the statute-book. Inasmuch as this #25,000,000 
is more than he asked for—because what he did 
ask for was between twenty-one and twenty-two 
million, which he said would be enough till the 
1st of July—it seems to me that this is enough to 
give him; and I think we ought to repeal the ex- 
ISting authority which is upon the statute-book. 
At this time it cannot be used. It requires that 
five per cont. stock shall be put out at par, which 
cannot be done. In that shape, it cannot be avail- 
able to redeem the Treasury notes, as the Senator 
from Maryland has said: because every man 
would rather hold on to a 'I'reasury note at twelve 
pcr cent. interest than take stock at five per cent. 
m exchange for it, which would not probably sell 
for morc ihan eighty-three or eighty-four. 
therefore of no use in that regard; but wc leave 
an authority upon the statutc-book which is of no 
use in time of financial difficulty, and which, if it 
ever becomes of use, will be at a time when things 
are rest.ored; and then there will be this authority 
to the Secretary, when, perhaps, he ought not to 
have it. It is better, therefore, I think, to repeal it. 
I believe we ought to givc him what he asks for, 
and nothing more. lam willing to give him a loan 
of because I do not suppose, as it 
will be sold to the lowest bidder, that he will get 
more than $22,000,000. I suppose he will hardly 
•ct morc than ninety or ninety-one for it, which 
I am willing, 
would bring the sum he wants. 
therefore, to agree to the loan of $25,000,000, pro- 
vided the other is repealed. 
Mr. SIMMONS obtained the floor 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from 
Rhode Island allow me a moment to make an 
explanation ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President,ifit is tu•ue, 
as the Senator from Virginia supposes, that the 
act of June last, as it stands now, will not raise 
the money at the rate of interest fixed, it certainly 
can do no harm. It cannot become operative until 
the Government shall be in better credit, or money 
more plenty. 
Mr. HUNTER. When it is in better credit, 
•the Government does not want it. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am io hopes it will be 
in better credit by that time. Now, sir, although 
it is not likely that a man would exchange a Treas- 
ury note bearing ten or twelve per cent. interest 
for a bond bearing five, I suppose the Senator is 
aware that we have the power, if xxve choose, to 
i•edeem those notes at the end of one year, and 
then the interest ceases. They do not go on in- 
definitely, as long as a person chooses to hold 
them. To be sure, they are issued for a year, 
and for that period they bear this rate of interest; 
but it will be our interest to have the money, and 
to retire t,hose notes as early as practicable; and 
if we can then exchange an instrument bearino 
five or six per cent. for one bearing ten or twelve, 
I suppose It would be a good bargain 
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator suppose 
that we would exchange a bond bearing five per 
cent. for a Treasury note? I-Ie would have to 
give money for it whenever he redeems it, and he 
can only get money through this loan by selling 
it for money; and he cannot sell it except: below 
par. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. And if we cannot sell, 
except at a ruinous rate, we ought not to sell at 
ail. What I contend for is the power to raise the 
money, in case ib should be found necessary and 
practicable to raise it, at a reasonable rate of in- 
tercst; that is all. 
Now, sir, I believe, or at any rate hope—yes, I 
say I believe—the country will be in a condition, 
before these notes become payable, in which the 
money can be raised, and raised without difii- 
culty; for the credit of this Government will be 
better. 1 think, in that case, it would be quite 
as well to provide the power to raise the money 
as it would to let these notes remain out. To be 
sure, Congress will meet again at that particular 
time; but I should greatly prefer to have tbc books 
Let the debt of this Adrniuistra- 
Lion be privided for by this Administration, and 
not take this off thc statute-books and compel the 
incoming Administration to pay a debt that you 
contracted. That is the simple question about it. 
Mr. HUNTER. Is not a Treasury note as 
much a debt as 8. bond? 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but it will 
be under the law you pass for your purposes. It 
does not change the nature of the debt; but the 
statement of the account will be more readily and 
easily made and understood ; and certainly , accord- 
fing to the Senator's own showing, it does no harm 
do not suppose 
with reference to that matter. 
it to be of very great importance, for you can pass 
a bill at any period. There is no difficulty in pass- 
ing bills to borrow money, if anybody willing 
to loan it, to pay the actual debts pressing upon 
us; but one argument made by the chairman of 
the committee is, that here are $20,000,000 of a 
loan provided for in the new tariff bill that has 
come here. Will not the same objection be Inade 
to that? Does the Senator intend to say he means 
to vote for those ? 
Mr. PEARCE. Perhaps not. 
Mr. FESSENDEN.. Ordoes the Senator from 
Virginia mean to say that he will vote for the 
provided for there? Not at all. we 
shall find them opposing that proposition in that 
bill precisely in the same way. What I want to 
do, If possible, is to provide for this in advance, 
or let it stand providöd for, if this will do it. 
If 
it will not, we must find some other mode. I am 
not certain that it will; but, at any rate, it can be 
tried. It can do no harm. If the money cannot 
be raised at that rate, of course it cannot be had 
and cannot be expended, and we must try some 
other way. If it can, it is proper the incominm 
Administration should have the power to raise it 
to meet these notes at the time they become due, 
by exchanging money procured at the rate of five 
per cent. interest, for notes for which we are pay- 
Ing ten or twelve per cent. That is all there is 
about it. 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Rhode Island yielded the floor to the Senator from 
Maine. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I yield to the Senator from 
Virginia. 
Mr. MASON. I only want to say a word. I 
wish to understand this subject. I do under- 
stand it, the matter presents itself thus: in June, 
1860, Congress passed a law authorizing the loan 
referred to by the chairman of the Committee on 
Finance. If that -loan had been made, a large por- 
tion of the present loan would not be wanted. If 
that loan had been made, they would not have 
asked for the mone_y they now ask for, or a large 
portion of it. 'Why was it not made It was not 
made because it was found that the provisions of 
the bill would not invite bids for the loan. The 
state of the country became altered; and money 
could not be obtained upon the terms which the 
act of June, 1860, contemplated. Therefore, as 
I learn from the chairman of the committee, the 
present bill is reported in truth as a substitute pro 
tanto for the laxtv of June, 1860. If that law had 
done the offce expected of it, a large portion of 
this loan would not have been asked for. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the 
