1861. 
which we have been obliged to put out since De- 
cember would not have been put out. 
Mr. MASON. That may be; but to theextent 
of nevv' loans have supplied the func- 
tions of this other law of last year. But the Sen- 
ator from Maine asks that we shall •not only pro- 
vide these $25,000,000, but that we shall allow that 
law to remain upon the statute-book until, by some 
reviving condition of the country, it can again be 
called into life. Now, he says, as I understand 
him, it ought to remain there as a memorial of the 
doings of the presen t Administration , when it shall 
cease to exist. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; -1 said no such 
thing. 
Mr. MASON. In substance. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; not in substance. 
Mr. MASON. A debt this Administration had 
created. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly. 
Mr. MASON. Thatitis a memorial ofwhatthis 
Administration did. Sir, it will be a memorial 
that will be illusory, and mislead those who rely 
upon it; because the truth will be that, becoming 
dead by the altered condition of the country, we 
su plied its place by living matter. 
o w, sir, I confess I do not like the plan of 
providing these large sums of money at the ruin- 
ous rates at which money is now provided. The 
condition of the country is altered. The propor- 
tions of the Government have been curtailed, and 
very materially and seriously curtailed. There is 
a high degree of probability that that curtailment 
wili go on, and that by the 4th of Marci) this Gov- 
ernment will not exhibit the dimensions that the 
Government had on the 4th of March last. The 
consequence is, the public mind is unsettled as to 
the condition of the Government, as to its ability, 
its solvency. 'The simple fact appears that not 
only is State credit far superior to the credit of 
the combined States, but individual credit is supe- 
rior to both. Any individual can go into the mar- 
ket, as I understand, offering substantial private 
security, and obtain money upon better terms than 
any of the States or the Federal Government. In 
that state of things, it seems to me that the ex- 
penditures of the Government provided for ought 
to be most seriously guarded in making new loans. 
I have the assurance -of the chairman who reported 
this bill, in whom I have great confidence, that 
under no circumstances will any part of the Inoney 
now asked for be used for any new measures of 
the nev.,r Administration, ifsuch should be devised , 
for the. purpose of coercion, force, under the idea 
of executing the laws in the States that have se- 
ceded. I shall, therefore, as at present advised, I 
vote for the bill, provided the amendment prevails 
which will extinguish the existing law authoriz- 
incr an additional loan. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 will add one word. The 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
743 
proposing to authorize can be negotiated on bet- will cease, and that we Shall pass the bill. I-mod- 
ter terms if we repeal the act of June 22, 1860. ify my •motion aecörding_ky. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that bethe 
It will startle capitalists to see that this Govern- 
ment is obliged to borrow everything with which. eral understanding, the consideration of the:pres- 
to support the Government for the next year, arid ent bill mav be proceeded With until half past one 
that it is obliged to provide now in advance for o'clock. Agreed!" ] 
expenses which will not come upon us fora year 
or two. I think this will stagger the faith of cap- 
italists and impair the credit of the Government; 
and looking at it only in that light, it seems to me 
that it is eminently proper that we should reééal 
the act of June 22, 1860. But I do not think that 
any such amount of loans will be necessary, un- 
less the interest and passion of political strife over- 
comc all prudence and patriotism. Let Congress 
adjust pending political difficulties, and the full 
tide of general prosperity will sgon be in return- 
ing flow. For any further loan necessary for the 
ordinary operations of Government, I Will cheer- 
fully vote hereafter. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 should prefer not to have 
this amendment put in this bill. I intended, after 
the passage of this bill, when the other bill which 
has been alluded 10, reported from the select com- 
mittee, of which I was a member, should come up, 
to make provision in it for the repeal of this very 
law of last June. I see now a disposition to re- 
peal the law that authorizes the issuing of bonds 
for the payment of the Treasury notes which will 
bc duc next January. It is proposed now to re- 
peal it when we pass a bill for the redernption of 
the notes which are due from this time to June; 
and, at tbc same time, see a disposition not to 
grant anything to pay those which will be due, 
at twelve per cent. Interest, iii January next. 
Now, I should likc the chairman of the Commit- 
tee on Finance to give his opinion whether, in 
case the loan portion of the bill reported from the 
select committee should not be passed, he does 
not believe it wilk be indispensable to have money 
from some other source to redeem those notes, or 
else let them remain at an interest of twelve per 
cent. ? There is no possibility, by any means, 
that the new bill, or the bill we have now on the 
statute-book, as a revcnue measure, can bo ex- 
pected to bring in enough to support tho Govern- 
ment, under tho present aspect of affairs. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator 
from Rhode Island pause a moment? The Chair 
had forgotten the special order which was made 
for one o'clock, and to which he must call the 
attention of the Senate. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that will be allowed 
to remain a while, until we dispose of this bill. 
I shall not occupy five Ininutes. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must 
It is subject to the 
call up the special order. 
action of the Senate. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 hope we shall postpone the 
consideration of' that subject, and proceed Wilh 
amount which remains to be negotiated under the the present bill. I make that motion. 
act of June 22, 1860, is nearly fourteen million II Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. How does the 
dollars. We l.)ropose, in this bill, a loan of I Senator get the floor? 
That is The Senator 
from Rhode Island proposes, in his bill, another 
loan of That makes, altogether, 
$60,000,000, and that, too, without reference to 
the Treasury notes issued since the beginning of I 
this session of Congress. Does the Senator from 
Maine think that the credit of the Government 
of the United States will be improved and strength- 
cnedb such an exhibit as that? 
Mr. I?ESSENDEN. 1 will answer the Senator 
In an ordinary time, I do not 
in n few words. 
think the borrowing of $100,000,000, or the at- 
tempt to borrow it, by the Government of the 
United States, would shake its credit at all. 
could go into market, and get it without the slight- 
est difficulty in the world, and on favorable terms. 
At the present time, under the existing statc of 
things, I think it makes very little difference. We 
c.an get what we want; but I suppose we shall have 
to pay heavily for it. 
Mr. PEARCE. This is an extraordinary time. 
The Government of the United States has had to 
issue its Treasury notes at a rate of interest more 
than double that which we paid on Treasury notes i 
in 1837, and certainly the exhibit of so great a defi- 
cicncy of means as now requires these extraordi- I 
nary supplies by loans amounting to $60,000,000, 
besides the $10,000,000 of Treasury notes issucd 
within the last two months, is [10t calculated at all 
Mr. PEARCE. it for granted the dis- 
cussion of this bill cannot consume a great deal 
more time; and that there will be ample opportu- 
nity for the Senator from Tennessee to make his 
speech after we shall have disposed of it. 
Senator desires it, I will move that we proceed 
I suppose in an 
with this bill until two o'clock. 
hour's time we can dispose of it. There cannot 
be a large discussion. 
I understand 
Mr. JOHNSON, 
that there was a special order for one o'clock, on 
which I was entitled to the floor. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is so. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 hope the Senator will allow 
me to make the motion which I have suggested, 
that we be allowed until two o'clock to-day to 
continue the discussion of this bill. 
Mr. JOHNSON, 1 would rather 
go on. 
Mr. PEARCE. I hope the Senator will con- 
sider that ibis very important that this bill should 
be passed speedily. The old law requires thirty 
days' advertisement. Here we are on the. 5th of 
February, and we ought 10 have this loan adver- 
If the 
tised at once, if it is to be made at all. 
Government is to be supported, the loan ought to 
be advertised promptly, and ten days is the very 
least time. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 will make 
I will say half past one. 
to strcngthen the credit of the Government of the a compromise. 
United States. The very loan which we arc now II Mr. PEARCE I hope, then, the discussion 
Mr. SIMMÖNS, I was saying that the choir- 
man of thc Committee on Finance can have no 
hope that, by any revenue bill we may pass, we 
can expect to get •enough money to meet the ex- 
enses of the Government in the next ten months. 
ow, I would ask the chairman of the commit- 
tee, if he would have any objection to accepting 
the pledge that I will give him, that, if he will 
waive this amendment for the present, will agree 
to insert it in the other bill when it comes up? 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 do not hear the Senator. 
Mr. SIMMONS. L say, if the Senator from 
Maryland will withdraw this amendment, to- 
morrow, when the other bitl comes up, I will agree 
to renew it on that, and to provide-in that bill, that 
the loan bill of last year shall be repealed; and if 
I cannot convince thatSenator that the loan which 
the bill referred to provides for, is wanted, by facts 
and figures, I will agree to reduce it to his satis- 
faction . 
Mr. PEARCE. I have no authority to with-- 
draw the amendment. It is by the direction of the 
If the Sen- 
committee that I have submitted it. 
ator will allow the vote to be taken, I suppose we 
shall soon dispose of this bill, and he can modify 
his bill accordingly. I do not see that it will 
make much difference. 
Mr. SIMMONS. If this is stricken out, I agree 
that this loan is not wanted, and will not proba- 
bly be wanted, if the bill that I reported last week 
be passed. Unless it is, you leave yourselves 
without any provision. 
committee would agree to withdraw this amend- 
ment, I would consent to renew it in that bill. 
Several SENATORS. He has not the power. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Very well; let us take a vote 
I wish, however, to make one statement 
on it. 
about •the amount of this loan, which I think was 
omitted to be made. The-Secretary of the Treas- 
ury estimated that he would want about twenty- 
two million dollars. Since then we have passed 
appropriations which he did not include in the 
estimates—one of nearly a million dollars for the 
return of captured Africans, and othet• appropri- 
ations of that kind not estimated for, amounting 
to about three million dollars. They were not 
included in his es€imates of the 18th of January; 
and that is the reason he asks for $25,000,000 now, 
to cover those appropriations that have been made, 
or that are pendmg in one House of Congress or 
the other, over and above what he estimated for 
two weeks ago; and this loan is calculated to sell 
at par, and will sell at par, in my judgment. 
Mr. HUNTER. Does the that the 
Secretary of the Treasury asks for $25,000,000? 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 say that this made 
$25,000,000 to cover the appropriations which 
have been made since his estimates. 
Mr. HUNTER. The Secretaryhasonly asked 
for a sum between twenty-one and twenty-two 
million. He has never asked for $25,000,000. 
without knowing that these appropriations would 
be made. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. He may have asked 
it in a communication to Congress; but the chair- 
man of the Finance Committee knows what the 
wishes of the Secretary are on the Bubjcct. 
I think he has never asked 
IVIr. HUNTER. 
it. The Senator is mistaken. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir- 
ginia had better appeal to the chairman, before he 
makes these statements. 
Mr. PEARCE. The Secretary of the Treasury 
has never asked it, that I know, by any formal 
communication; but in his letter of the 18th of 
January, he shows the necessity of it, I think; and 
I communicated to him on Saturday the fact that 
a loan bill for $25,000,000 had been introduced, 
and I received an answer from him in which he 
makes no objection at all; on the contrary, his 
letter of the i8th seems to show, I think* that it is 
necessary. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I was merely going to explain 
how these other $3,000,000 came to be added. It 
was not with any view Of making a discount. of 
$3,000,000 on this loan, as the Senator from *Vir- 
giniu suggested, for the Secretary calculates to get 
