THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
the loan taken at- par, or above par. I will not 
I hope this amendment will 
protract the debate. 
be rejected; because the balance of the former loan 
will be indispensable, unless another bill passes; 
and if that passes, I shall put an amendment in it 
to repeal this law. 
The PRESIDENT. The question is on 
the amendment reported, from the Committee on 
Finance. 
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken. 
Mr. FITCH, (when his name was ,cailed.) 
Upon this question I have paired off with the 
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. GRIMES,] who is in ac- 
tendance upon the Peace Congress—so called, I 
suppose, in contradistinction to this, which I fear 
wili be known as the war or belligerent Congress. 
Mr. G WIN, (when his name was called.) 
paired off with the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. 
BAKf,R!,] before he left the city. I understand 
that he has returned; but as I do not see him in 
his seat, I shall not vote. 
The result was announced—yeas 25, nays 23; 
as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Biglcr, Bragg, Bright, Clingman, 
Crittenden, Douglas, Green, Hemphill, Hunter, Johuson of 
Arkansas, Johnson ot"l'ennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latharn, 
Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, 
Saulsbury, Sebastian, and Wigfall—25. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand- 
ler,- Clark, Collamer_, Dixons Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, 
Foster, Hale , Harlan, King, Morrill, Seward, Simmons, 
Sumner, Ten Eyck; Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and 
Wilson—23. 
So the amendment-was agreed to. 
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended; 
and the amendments were concurred in. The 
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and 
the bill to be read a third time; and it was read 
the third time, and passed. 
DEFICIENCY DILL. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. .F6RNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had agreed to the first and fourth, and dis- 
agreed to the third and fifth, amendments of the 
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 866) to supply defi- 
ciencies in the appropriations for thc fiscal year 
ending June 30, 1861 ; and had agreed to the second 
and BIXth amendments of the Senate to the bill, 
with amendments, in which the concurrence of the 
Senate was requested. 
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the bill and amend- 
ments were referred to thc Committee on Finance. 
MISSION or PEACE FROM VIRGINIA. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will now 
call up the special order, being the mcssagc of the 
President of the United Slates, communicating the 
rcsolu tions ofthe Legislature of Virginia; on which 
the Senator from Tennessee is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. President, 
on the 19th of December, I made a speech in the 
Senate, with reference to tlrc present crisis, which 
I believed my duty to my State and to myself 
required. In making that speech, my intention— 
and I think I succeeded in It—was to place my- 
self upon the principles of the Constitution and 
the doctrines Inculcated by Washington, .TcftZ»•- 
son, Madison, Monroe, and Jackson. Having 
examined tho positions of those distinguished 
fathers of the Republic, and compared them with 
the Constitution, I came to the conclusion that 
they were right; and upon them I planted myself, 
and rnade the spcech to which I have referred, in 
vindication of the Union and the Constitution, 
and against the doctrine of nullification or scces- 
sion, which I look upon as agreut political heresy. 
As far back as 1833, when i was a young man, 
before I made my advent into public life, when 
the controversy arose between the Federal Gov- 
ernment and the State of South Carolina, and it 
became necessary for Andrew Jackson , then Pres- 
ident of the United States, to issue his proclama- 
tion, exhorting that people to obey the law and 
comply with the requirements of the Constitu- 
tion, I planted myself upon the principles then 
announced by him, which I advocated on the 19th 
of December last. I belicvcd that the positions 
taken then by General Jackson, and those who 
came to his support, were the true doctrines of the 
Constitution, and the only doctrines upon which 
this Government could be prcserved. I have been 
uniformly, from that period to the present time, 
opposed to the doctrine of secession, or of nulli- 
fication, which is rather a hermaphrodite, but 
approximates to the doctrirn of secession. I re- 
peat, that I then viewed it as a heresy and as an 
element which, if maintained , would result in the 
I maintain the 
destruction of this Government. 
game position to-day. I then opposed the doc- 
trine of secession as a political heresy, which, if 
sanctioned and sustained as a fundamental prin- 
ciple of this Government, will result in its over- 
throw and destruction; for, as we have seen al- 
ready, a few of the States are crumbling and 
falling off. 
I oppose this heresy for another reason; not 
only as being destructive of the existing Govern- 
ment, but as being destructive of all future con- 
federacies that may be established in consequence 
of a disruption of the present one; and I availed 
myself of the former occasion on which I spoke, 
to enter my protest against it, and to do some- 
thing to extinguish a political heresy that ought 
never to be incorporated upon this or any other 
Government which may be subsequently estab- 
lished. I look upon it as the prolific mother of 
political sin; as a fundamental error; as a heresy 
that is intolerable in contrast with the existence 
of the Government itself. I look upon it as being 
productive of anarchy; and anarchy is the next 
step to despotism. The developments that vyre 
have recently seen in carrying this doctrine into 
practice, I think, admonish us that this will be the 
result. 
But, Mr. President, since I made that speech 
ou the 19th of December, I have been the peculiar 
object of attack. I have been denounced, because 
I happened to be the first man south of Mason 
and Dixon's line who entered protest or made 
an argument in the Senate against this political 
heresy. From what i saw here on the evening 
when I concluded my speech—although some 
may have thought that it intimidated and discour- 
aged me—I was inspired with confidence; fölt 
that I had struck treason a blow. I thought then, 
and I know now, that rncn who were engaged in 
treason felt the blows that dealt out on that 
occasion. As I have been made the peculiar ob- 
ject of attack, not only in the Senate, but out of 
the Senate, my object on this occasion is to meet 
some of these, attacks, and to say some things in 
addition to what I then said against this move- 
merit. 
Yesterday the last of the Senators who repre- 
sent what are ca\lcd the seceding States, retired, 
and a drama was enacted. The piece was well 
performed; the actors were perfect in their parts; 
It was got up to order; I will not say that the 
mournin auxiliaries had been selected in advancc. 
One of the retiring Senators, in justifying the 
course that his State had taken, made a very spe- 
cious and plausible argument in reference to the 
doctrine of secession. I allude to the Senator from 
Louisiana, [Mr. BENJAMIN.] He argued that the 
sovereignty of that State had never passed to the 
United States; that the Government held it in 
trust; that no conveyance was made; that sover- 
eignty could not be transfi-•rred•, that out of the 
gracious pleasure and good ••.vill which the First 
Consul of France entcrtained towards the Amer- 
ican people, the transfer was made of the property 
without consideration, and the sovereignty was 
in abeyar)ce 01' trust, and therefore his State 
had violated no faith, and had a right to do pre- 
cisely what she has done. With elal)oratc prep- 
aratibn and seeminT sincerity; with sweet tones, 
euphonious utterances, mellifluous voice, andgreat 
earnestness, he called our attention to the treaty 
to sustain his assumption. But when we exam- 
ine the subject, Mr. President, how do the facts 
stand? I like fuimess; I will not say that the 
Senator, in making quotations from the treaty and 
commenting upon them, was intentionally unfair; 
nor can I say that the Senator from Louisiana, 
with all his acumen, his habits of industry, and 
his great research, had not read and understood 
all the provisions of the treaty. In doing so, I 
should reflect upon his character; it might be con- 
strued as a reflection upon his want of research, 
for which he has such a dislinguished reputation. 
The omission to read important portions of the 
treaty I will not attribute to any intention to mis- 
lead; I will simply call the attention of the Senate 
and the country to his remarks, and then to the 
treaty. The Senator, after premising, went on to 
say: 
P have said that the Government assumed to aet as 
trustee or guardian of the people of the ceded province, and 
covenanted to transfer to them the sovereignty thus held in 
trust for their use and benefit, as soon as they• were-capa- 
ble of exercising it. What is the express language of- Lhe 
treaty 
Hc then read the third article of the treaty of 
cession of Louisiana, which provides merely for 
their incorporation into the United States; their 
protection in the enjoyment of their religion, 
and thus he commented on it: 
And, sir, as if to mark the true nature of the cession 
in a manner too significant to admit of misconstruction, 
the treaty stipulates no price; and tbe -sole consideration 
for the conveyance, as stated on its face, is thé desire to 
afford a strong proof of the friendship of France for the 
United States. By the terms of a separate convention stip- 
ulating thc payment of a sum of money, the precaution is 
again observed of stating that the payment is to be made, 
not as a consideration, or a price, or a condition precedent 
o? the cession, but it is carefully distinguished as being a 
consequence of the cession." 
Now, Mr. President, to make this matter more 
intelligible, and better understood by the country, 
it seems to me it would have been better to read 
the first article of the treaty, which commences 
'I'he President of the United States of America, and the 
First Consul of the French Republic, in the name of' the 
French people, desiring to remove all source of misunder- 
standing relative to objects of discussion," 
After reciting the othertreaties pending between 
France and the United States and Spain, they go 
on in the first article. as follows: 
And whereas, in pursuance of the treaty, and particu- 
larly the third article, the French Rcpubiic has an incon- 
testable title to the domain and to the posssssion of the said 
territory, [that is, of Louisiana,] the First Consul ot' the 
French Republic, desiring to give to the United States a 
strong proof of his friendship, doth hereby cede to the said 
United States, in the name of the French Republic, forever 
and in full sovereignty, the said territory, witli all its rights 
and appurtenances, as fully and in the same Inanncr as 
they have been acquired by the French Repubfic, in virtue 
of the above mentioned treaty concluded v,'ith his Catholic 
Majesty." 
Which was referred to in the preceding section. 
Now, sir, is there not a clear and distinct and ex- 
plicit conveyance of sovereignty, of property, of 
jurisdiction, of everything that resided in the 
First Consul of Franc.e, to the people of the Uni- 
ted States? Clearly and distinctly the jurisdiction 
and control of that Government were transmitted 
absolutely by the treaty. Why not have read that 
part of the treaty first? That is the first article. 
The second article is in these words: 
ART. 2. In the cession made by the preceding article,- 
are included the adjacent islands belonging to Louisiana, 
all public lots and squares, vacant lands, and all public 
buildings,.fortifications, barracks, and other edifices, which 
arc not private property. The archives, papers, and docu- 
ments, relative to the domain and sovereignty of Louisiana 
and its dependencies, will be left in the possession of the 
commissaries of the (Jilted States, and copies will be 
afterwards given in due forrn to the magistrates and muni- 
cipal officers of such of the said papers and documents as 
Enay be necessary to them." 
We see, then, in the first article, that property 
and sovereignty were all conveyed together, in 
clear and distinct terms. If there was a power 
residing anywhere to control the people and the 
property of Louisiana, it was in the First Consul 
of France, who conveyed absolutely the sover- 
eignty and right of property to the people of the 
United States. Then we come to the third article, 
which the Senator read yesterday: 
ART. 3. The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be 
incorporated in the Union of the United Statcs, and ad* 
mitted as soon as possible, according to the principles of 
the Federal Constitution, to thc enjoyrnent of all the rights, 
advantages, and imrnunities of citizens of the United States; 
and, in the mean time, they shall he maintained and pro- 
tected in the, free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and 
the religion which they profess." 
There is some order in that; one thing fits the 
other. There is the conveyance of sovereignty 
and property. There is a minute enumeration in 
the second article; and in the third article it is 
provided that as soon as éossible, according to the 
principles of the Federal Constitution, they shall 
be incorporated into the Union, and protected in 
I the enjoyment of the religion which they may 
profess. 'YVe see, then, how the thing stands. 
Havenotall these things been complied with? But, 
by way of exonerating Louisiana from censure 
for her. recent act of attempted secession, it is 
urged that, when this trcaty was made, there was 
no consideration; but that, out of the good will 
that the First Consul had tcÅvards the American 
I people, the sovereignty was given to us in trust; 
that we took the property in trust; that we took 
everything in trust. Sir, the Federal Government 
took the property, and the sovereignty with it, in 
