• 750 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
recede within five or seven years in the eventcer- 
tain amendments were not adopted to the Consti- 
tulion. I should have, remarked, before passing 
to this, that they adopted it, not wanting delay, 
and- then went in the same committee to report a 
16ng -list of amendments to be submitted, and 
some of them were ratified afterwards by the dif- 
ferent States. Mr. Madison writes, in reply to 
Mr. Hamilton, and tells him, if the Constitution 
is adopted, it must be adopted in toto, without 
reservation or condition. I am inclined to think 
Mr. Madison had some idea of this ordinance. I 
think he understood it. Here is his letter. That 
ordinance was adopted in Virginia, on June 26, 
1778, *nd, in reply -to Mr. Hamilton, in the fol- 
lowing July, Mr. Madison said: 
The, idea of -reserving a right to withdraw was started 
at Richmond, and considered as a conditional ratification, 
which was itself abandoned as worse than a rejection." 
Does not that show that I have put the correct 
interpretation upon it? Jåmes Madison undcr- 
would as 
stood it as being an abandonment. 
goon rely upon his construction of the ordinance 
that brought Virginia into the Union as I would 
on that of the distinguished Senator from Oregon. 
I am inclined to think he ••,vas quite as familiar 
with the history of that transaction and with the 
whole subject as the Senator from Oregon, with 
all his familiarity and astuteness on the subject. 
So much in answer to .that portion of the Sena- 
tor's ar•ument. We find upon an examination, 
as L before remarked, that •nine States had ratified 
the Constitution before Virginia came in. New 
York, North Carolina, and Rhode Island came in 
afterwards. Mr. Madison so understood it. The 
fathers of the Republic so understood it. The 
country so understand it. Common sense so un- 
derstands it. Practicability so understands it. 
Everything that pertains to thc preservation and 
salvation of the Government so understands it, as 
contradistinguished from the admission of this 
doctrine of secession. 
But let us see howr this matter travels along a 
'l'he Government. was förmed; the Con- 
stitution was ratified; and after the Constitution 
was ratified and the Government in existence, 
there iS provision made, for what? New States 
may be admitted into this Union, not. upon an 
equality, at all; but, new States may be admitted 
into this Union. It being an express grant to 
admit, the exercise of & power, I say the Federal 
Government can exercise incidents that are ne- 
ccssary and proper to carry the admission of 
States into existence upon such a basis as they 
believe the good of the Government demands. 
am not so sure but the admission of a now State 
is placed upon a different ground to what was the 
admission of States comincr in originally ratifying 
the Constitution. As the Senator seems to be so 
familiar with things of this sort, 1 will refer to 
the act admitting the Stale of Alabama: 
An act to enable the people ot' Alabatna to Corm 
a constitution and State government, and ror the 
of State into the Uilion on an equal ft)01ing with the 
original States. (Approved March 2, 1819.) 
Dc iL enacted, $•c., 'å'hat the inhabitants of the Territory 
of Alabama be, and they are hcrcby, authorized to Corn) 
themselves a constitution and State govern Inent, and to as- 
sutne such name as they rnay Illink proper ; and that the 
said 'I'erritory, when fonned into a State, shall be ;uhnittcd 
into the Union upon the same footing with the original 
States, in all respects whatever. 
Here is the ordinance of Alabama accepting the 
terms of the above act; passed 2d August, 1819: 
'I'his convention, for and in behalf of the people inhab- 
iting this State, do accept the propositiQ1'l.s of-Fercd by the 
aet of Congress under which they are assmnblcd ; and this 
convention, for and in behalf of the people inhabiting this 
State, do ordain, agree, and declare." 
And this ordinance is hereby declared irrevocable with- 
out the consent of the United States." 
This act was declared irrevocable. They agreed 
to the conditions offered to them in the act of Con- 
gress with reference to the public lands and other 
subjects, and then the act of coming into the Union 
was declarcd irrevocable withöut the consent of 
the United States. Congress then passed an act 
accepting them upon the terms they imposed. 
sippi to any people. The Senator from Oregon, 
That was the compact. What has been done to i 
on that occasion, in reply to me, used the follow- 
ing language: 
Then he is concerned about the navigation of the Mis- 
sissippi river. He says that the great State of Tennessee 
and he, himself, are concerned about the navigation of that 
river. I believe it is recognizcd as the law of nations, as 
the law of all civilized nations, that a great inland sea run- 
ning through several Governments shall bc open equally to 
all of thenn ; and besides, as the honorable Senator from 
Louisiana said, there is no man in Louisiana that would 
think for a moment of depriving Tennessee of the right of 
navigating that great river. No, sir, nor Kentucky either, 
nor Indiana, nor r Ilinois, nor any other State whose waters 
now into that mighty stream. No such thing would ever be 
done. " 
That was the declaration then, that 
nobody would question the right of those States 
to navigate that great inland sea. - He seemed to 
show great familiarity with international law. I 
took it for granted that he had read Grotius and 
Wheaton upon international law, and an thc other 
authorities on the subject, for hc spok'e. about it 
with great familiarity, as if he understood it well. 
How does the matter stand, sir? Before the 
printer's ink that impressed his speech upon the 
paper is dry, we find an ordinance passed, as 1 
remarked before, to-day, by the State of Louis- 
iana, declarin" negatively that she has the right 
to control the navigation of that river under her 
the Senator had put himself 
act of secession. 
. to the trouble, as I presume he did, or ought to 
have done, to examine this subject, he would have 
found that the navigation of the Mississippi river 
has been a subject of negotiation for years upon 
years. He •would have found that the navigation 
of various rivers throughout the world has been 
the subject of long, angry, and contested negotia- 
tion. White upon this point, i desire to present 
to the Senate an extract from a leading authority 
on this subject. I read from Wheaton's Elements 
of Internalional Law: 
'The territory of' the State. includes the lakes, seas, 
'I'he rivers 
and rivers, entirely inclosed within its litnits. 
which flow the territory also a part of' the 
donjain, frotn their sources to thcir 'nonths, or as far as 
they flow within tho territ.ory, including the bays or estua- 
ries formed by their junction with the sea. iVhere a navi- 
gable river the boundary of cotcr[ninous States, the 
ntiddle ot• the channel, or thalwcz. is generally taken as the 
line of separation between the two States, the presurnption 
of lawr being that the right. of navigation is cotntnon to both ; 
but this presumption Ilia.v be destroyed by actual proof of 
prior occupancy and long undi*turbed possession, "ivtn• to 
one of the riparian proprietors the exclusive title to the 
entire river. 
'i'llings of "'bich the use is inexhaustible, such as the 
sea and running water, cannot be so appropriated as to ex- 
ciude others troll) using these elen)ents in any Inanner which 
not occasion a loss or inconvenience to the proprietor. 
This is what is called an in.nocent use. Thus have seen 
that the jurisdiction possessed by onc nation over sounds, 
straits, aud other anns of the sea leading through its own 
territory to that of another, or to other seas connnon to all 
nations, doe not exclude others from the right of innocent 
passage through these communications. The game prin- 
ciple is aöpli(klble to rivers flowing ll•orn one State through 
tbc territory of another into the sea, or into thc territory of 
a thir(l State. rl'he right of navigating, for commercial pur- 
poses, a river which flows throÜgh territories of differ- 
ent States, is cornmon to all the nations inhabiLiug the difl 
ferel'it parts oe its banks ; but this right of innocent passaae 
being what the text writers call an imperfect Tight, its ex- 
erciso is necessarily modified by the safety and convenience 
of tuc State affected by it, can only bc efü:ctually sc- 
cured by mutual convention regulating the mode of its ex- 
ercise. 
" It sccms that this right draws after it the incidental 
riant of' using all the means which are. necessary to the se- 
cure enjoyment or the principal right itself. Thus th c Ro- 
man law, which considered navigable rivers as public or 
comtnon property, declared that the right to the use of the 
shores was incident to that ot•the water; and that tbc right 
to navigate a river invol ved thc right to Inoor vessels to its 
banks, to lade and unlade. cargoes, 'I'll? public jurists 
apply this principle of the Rotnail civn law to tho smne case 
between nations, and infer the right to use the adjacent 
land tör these purposes, as 'means necessary to the attain- 
ment of the end for which the free navigation of the. water 
is permitted. Wheaton's Elements of International Law, 
part 2, chap. 4, pp. 252, 253, 254. 
Now, what are we told? That Louisiana, for 
which we paid $15,000,000, whose battles we. 
fought, whose custom-houses, forts, arsenals, 
dock-yards, and hospitals we built, 
—in the exer- 
cise of the plenitude other pourcr, declures that she 
has .control of the Mississippi, and such States 
may navigate that stream as are on friendly rela- 
tions with her, she being tl'le judge. 
Is not tkis 
what the dogma of secession leads us to? We see 
Alabama? What great complaint has she? Why 
should she leave the Union in such hot haste? 
So much for that, sir. 
In the remarlß that I 
made when I last addressed the Senate, I referred 
to the constitution of the State of Tennessee, 
which wasadopted in 1796, and their bill of rights, 
in which they declare that they would never sur- 
where it carries us; we see in what it will cnd— 
litigation, war, and bloodshed. As I remarked 
before, as we approach and advance in the inves- 
tigation of the subject, x,ve discover its enormities 
more and more. I repeat, it is the prolific mother 
render or give up the navigation of the Missis- I of anarchy, which is the first step to despotism 
itself. The Senator from Oregon seems not to be 
apprehensive at all; and yet, béfore hiy voice has 
done reverberating in the Hall, we have the open 
declaration that they intend to exercisc the con- 
trol of the navigation of the' Mississippi. Would 
it not have been better for Louisiana 
Mr. LANE. I think the Senator ought to 
allow me to say a word. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not want 
I certainly mean no discour- 
to be interrupted. 
tesv at all to the Senator. 
Mr. LANE. I only• wish to say, in the way 
of explanation, that the people of New Orleans 
have had police regulations by which they have 
collected taxes to improve their G,vharves ever since 
New Orleans belonged to this country. 
It is a very 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
common thing in all cities where there are wharves, 
either on the river or ocean, to have what is com- 
monly called a wharfage tax. We understand 
that. The navigation of the high seas and rivers 
is a different thing from paying wharfage and a 
little tax to defray the expense of keeping wharves 
and docks up. We understand all about that. 
That is a very differellt affair from placing bat- 
teries at this early day upon the banks of that 
great stream. 
Mr. LANE. That was against the common 
cnemy. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I did not know 
we had any enemies in these States. 
I thought 
we were brothers, and were entitled to free trade 
from one extremity of this Confederacy to tho 
other. I did not know that the people of Indiana 
and Illinois and Kentucky and Tennessec, going 
along down that river, had got to be enemies. 
suppose, however, when we look at these things 
our minds change and vary by varying circum- 
stances. When we are candidates for the Presi- 
dency, we feel more like brothers; but when we 
have made the experiment, and signally failed, I 
suppose the enemy's line begins just at the line 
where our defeat was consummated. [Laughter 
and applause in the galleries.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER called to order. 
of Tennessee. How long has 
it been since vre were prepared to go to war with 
the most fbrmidable Power upon earth because 
she claimed the right of search? We would not 
concede to Great Britain the right of searching 
our ships on the high seas; and yct what do we 
now see? Batteries placed upon the banks of the 
Mississippi to enforce the right of search. Do we 
not see where it will lead? Do we not all know 
in what it will end ? 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 move that the Senate 
ad journ . 
'Mr. WIGFALL and Mr. LANE addressed 
the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITCH.) 
Does the Senator from Tennessee yield the floor 
to the Senator from Texas, [Mr. HEMPHILL?] 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
I do, for the 
purpose of making a motion to adjourn. 
Mr. LANE. 1 should be very glad if the Sen- 
ator could finish his speech to-day. The session 
is very short now. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. That is 
very true; and I do not ask any unreasonable in- 
dulgence from the.Senate. 
Let us adjourn. 
I have spoken and occupied as little time in the 
Senate as any other member in it. The Senator 
from Oregon has been on the floor at least four 
times to my once. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Texas has moved that the Senate adjourn; 
and that motion is not debatable. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 made it simply because 
the Senator is fatigued. 
Mr. LANE. I ask the Senator to withdraw 
the motion. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 
1 only yield 
for a motion to adjourn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to adjourn. With the permis- 
Sion of the Senator from Texas, the Chair will 
lay certain communications before the Senate be- 
fore. thé. quest.ion is put. 
Mr. 'W IGFALL. Is the motion to adjourn 
withdrawn ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is with- 
drawn. It is pending, as the Chair understands. 
Mr. WIGFALL. There is a motion to adjourn 
pending, then? 
