1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
751 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understands the motion perfectly well; but the 
Chair desires to have certain communications 
presented to the Senate before the motion is put. 
RESOLUTIONS OF KENTÜCKY. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the 
Senate the following message from the President 
of the United States: 
To the Senate and House of Representatices : 
have received from the Governor of Kentucky certain 
resolutions adopted by the•äeneral Assembly of that Coun- 
monwealt.h, containing an application to Congress for the 
call of a convention tar proposing amendinents to the Con- 
Btitution of the United States, with a request that should 
immediately . place the same before that body. It affords 
me great satietäction to perlörm this duty ; and I feel quite 
eonfident that Congress will- bestow upon these. resolutions 
the caretül consideration to which they are eminently en- 
titled, on account of the distinguished and patriotic source 
from which they proceed, as well as the great importance 
of the subject which they involve. 
JAMES BUCHANAN. 
WASHINGTON, February 5, 1861. 
The messaffe and accompanying resolutions 
were ordered to lie on the table. 
COURT OF CLAIMS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the 
Senate a letter from the chief clerk of the Court 
of Claims, transmitting decisions of the Court of 
Claims adverse to the claim of Thomas O. Self- 
ridge; the claim of Thankful Neagle, administra- 
tor of Enos Grannis; the claim of James Paxton, 
executor of John Jordon; and the claim of Moses 
Also, decisions of the Court of Claims in favor 
of the claim of Constance Bateman and others; 
the claim of Jacob P. Leese, assignee of Thomas 
O. Larkin, accompanied by the following bills: 
A bill for the relief of Constance Bateman and 
others; and 
A bill for the relief of Jacob P. Leese, assignee 
of Thomas O. Larkin. 
The reports and bills were referred to the Com- 
mittee on Claims. 
RECONSIDERATION OF A BILL. 
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, that the Senate 
reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill (H. I 
R. No. 554) to extend the right of appeal from 
decisions of circuit courts to the Supreme Court 
of the United States— 
Ordered, That the further consideration thereof be post- 
poned to to-morrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Texas moves that the Senate do now adjourn. 
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the Senator to withdraw 
the motion for a moment. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TUESDAY, February 5, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
bv the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro ved. 
REPORT ON FOREIGN COMMERCE. 
The Speaker, by unanimous consent, laid be- 
fore the House a letter from the Secretary of 
State, transmitting the annual report on foreign 
commerce for the year 1860; which was laid upon 
the table, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. FLORENCE moved that five thousand 
extra copies of said report be printed. 
The motion was referred, under the rules, to 
the Committee on Printing. 
CIIARLES GORDON. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a 
communication from the clerk of the Court of 
of the House, the papers in the case of Charles 
Gordon, heretofore referred to said court. 
The papers were laid upon the table 
FREDERICK VINCENT. 
Mr. DUELL asked the unanimous consent of 
DELEGATE FROM IDAHO. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 rise to a question of 
privilege. 
1 desire to present the certificate of 
Hon. Charles L. Morgan, elected as Delegate 
from the Territory of Idaho; and I ask that it be 
referred to the Committee on Territories. 
Mr. COX. 1 object. There is 
tory in existence. 
The SPEAKER. It can be réceived under the 
rules, and will be referred to the Committee on 
Territories. 
Mr. SICKLES. As a memorial? 
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; as a memorial. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. FRENCH presented the petition of sundry 
citizens of Thomaston, Maine, in relation to the 
present condition of public affairs; which was laid 
upon the table. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, presented the peti- 
tion of sundry citizens of the State of Missouri, 
praying the adoption of the Crittenden proposi- 
tion; which was laid upon the tabie. 
LIABILITIES OF SHIP-OWNERS. 
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, introduced 
a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to limit 
the liability of ship-owners, and for other pur- 
poses," approved March 3, 1851; which was read 
a first and second time, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Commerce. 
MOWRY BATES. 
Mr. BRAYTON. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of 
the :VVhole House from the further conéideration 
nance is a true copy of the' original ordinance adopted ths 
day by the convention of the State of-Louisiina, 
Given under my hand and the gréät seal of LbüiSiäna; at 
Baton Rouge, this 26th day of the montii Of Janüary, in tbø 
year of our Lord, 18ßL. 
A.MOUÖON, 
President of the Conventioo. 
J. Ti10Mas WHEAT, Secretary of the Convenfion. 
Mr. SPINNER. Has that paper been re- 
ceived, Mr. Speaker? and does it go on the Jour- 
The SPEAKER. It does not. 
It is read as 
part of the remarks of the gentleman from Lou- 
Isiana. 
Mr. SPINNER. well; 1 think itis high time 
to put a stop to this countenancing of treason in 
the Halls of legislation. 
If I can object to it, I 
certainly do. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Lou- 
isiana will proceed, by unanimous consent. 
Mr. TA YLOR. Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen 
of the House of Representatives, the act which 
it is my purpose to perform, of withdrawing from 
this assemblage of the. Representatives of- the 
American people, in obedience to the will 'of the 
people of my State, is one of no ordinary occur- 
rence, and it is one which impresses me with feel- 
ings of the gravest and most profound anxiety. 
With the permission of the House, I will take the 
liberty of saying that which occurs to my mind 
in regard to the condition in which we are now 
placed as a people, and in regard to what is before 
us in the future. 
I shall not cast any look back- 
ward. I shall make no observations on the occur- 
rences that have produced •the results now before 
I shall onl.y speak of the present position of 
us. 
this great country, and the future which is about 
ofa bill (H. R. No. 785) for the relief of Mowry to open ur)on us. 
Bates, of Rhode Island. 
We, the Representatives of the greatest Repub- 
Mr. FENTON I call for the regular order of lic which the world has ever yet seen, the Repre- 
business. 
SECESSION OF LOUISIANA. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the permis- 
Sion of the House to ive the floor to the gentle- 
man from Louisiana, Mr. TAYLOR,] who desires 
to make a few observations. 
No objection was made. 
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, 1 send to the 
Clerk 's desk, in order that it may be read, a copy 
of the ordinance of the State of Louisiana, by 
which she declares her connection with the Union 
now exis.ting between the States to be dissolved. 
That ordinance was, I am told, received by the 
Senators from the State of Louisiana, on Satur- 
day last. 
It was not communicated to me, nor 
had I any knowledge of its having arrived in this 
city, till it was casually mentioned by a gentle- 
man whom I met in thc court-roorn of tho Supreme 
Court of the United States, yesterday morninff. 
then went into the Senate Chamber, and there 
the fact was announced that the ordinance had 
been passed, and an official copy of it was sent to 
the Secretary's desk and was read. I have taken 
the liberty of obtaining from the Senate an exact 
sentativesofa people who, in the ordinary course 
of Providence, were destined to become the great- 
est the world has ever yet known, are now wit- 
nessing the dissolution ofa mighty frame of Gov- 
ernment. Within the last, few weeks, we have 
seen State after State leaving this Union formed 
by our fathers for the common good of all. We 
know that that has been caused by diffek•ences of 
opinion between the inhabitants of two portions 
of this Confederacy—differences of opinion that 
have grown out of the change of sentiment aris- 
ing out ofa change in the situation of the people 
ofa portion of the States. Without speaking of 
those circumstances, without speaking of the facts 
that have led to the display of these differences, 
I it is enough for me to say that these differences 
are of such a character that the people of a large 
portion of the United Slates, the people ofa num- 
ber of the sovereign States, have arrived at the 
conclusion that they can no longer remain mem- 
bers of this Union with safety to themselves and 
to their righ ts of property, unless changes are made 
in the constitutional law of the land which will 
meet the changes that have taken place in the sit- 
indulge me in saying somethihg on this most ex- 
traordinary and momentous occasion. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
,nn.0Tdinance to dissolec the union bctu.wen the State of Lou- 
isiana and other States united with her, under the compact 
entitled The Constitution of the United States of amer- 
tca. " 
VVe, thc people of the State of Louisiana, in convention 
assernbled, do declare and ordain, and it is hereby declared 
and ordained, that the ordinance passed by us in convention 
on lhc 22d day of November, in the year 1811, whereby the 
Constitution of the United States of Ainerica, and the 
atncndrnents of said Constitution, were adopted, and all 
laws and ordinances by "'hich the State of Louisiana be. 
carne a inernber of the Federal (juion, be, and the same are 
subsisting between Louisiana and other States, under the 
naine of the United States of Aznerica," is hereby dis- 
We do further declare and ordain, that the State. of Lou- 
isiana hereby resumes all rights and powers heretofore dek- 
cgatcd to the Govertnnent of the United States of America; 
that her citizens are absolved from all allegiance to said 
Government; and that she is in full possession and e.xer- 
the House to offer the following resolution: 
cise of all those rights Gt' sovereignty which appertain to a 
free and independent State. 
Resolved, That t.he Committee of the Whole on t.he Pri- 
We do further declare and ordain, that an rights acquired 
vate Ca\endar be discharged frorn the further consideration 
and vested under the Constitution of the Uniicd States, or 
of Senate bill No. 275, for the relief of Frederick Vincent, 
any aet of Congress, or treaty, or under any law of this 
adn\inistrator of James La Caze, survivina partner of the 
finn of La Caze 8' Mallet, and that the sarnc be recom- 
*nitted to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. 
Mr. THOMAS objected. 
main in force and have the same effect as if this ordinance 
had not been passed. 
The undersigned hereby certified that the above ordi 
uauon of a portion of our people—which will meet 
copy of that instrument, and I now ask permis- 
the changes that have taken place in the feelings 
Sion of the House, that the copy which have pro- 
and views ofa portion of the States, and restore 
cured be read, and that when read, the House will 
the Union to the condition in which it was when 
it was framed, by erecting positive barriers which 
will restrain the action of the people, and of the 
departments of the Federal Government, within 
the boundaries set to that action by the public 
sentiment of the country when the Government 
went into operation. 
I There are now pending before this House a 
variety of propositions reported from a committee 
composed of members of all the States of which 
this Union consisted when this Congress asscm- 
bled. Their passage has been urged on this House 
by different individuals, under the influence, un- 
doubtedly, of the most patriotic motives, in the 
expectation that their passage would be attended 
with public advantage, and would be likely to 
compose the differences that now divide us. Mr. 
Speaker, I was a member of that committee. 
was one of those who dissented from the majority 
that reported these propositions to the House. 
In a report which I presented as the organ of the 
minority, I expressed the grounds of my dissent 
i from the views of those who supported them in 
the committee, and now favor their adoption. My 
belief to-day is W'hat it was then; and, in my judg- 
ment, standing in the position which I- now oc- 
cupy, I owe it to myself, I owe it to the people 
- of Louisiana, I owe it to you, and to the people of 
