THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. Rlvns, WASHING'iÖN;jD. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION 
same product of the southern portion of these 
States, is not less than $400,000,000. Now, sir, 
this single southern staple forms the basis of such 
a portion of the products of the industry of the 
whole civilized world, that their value derived 
from the labor and capital employed in their cre- 
ation, taken in connection with the original cost 
of the raw material, reaches the amazing sum of 
upwards of twelve hundred million dollars ! 
The fabrics which are made from it enter into 
the consumption of every family upon the globe 
that is within the reach of the operations Of 
trade. They are essential to the comfort of mil- 
lions upon millions of the inhabitants of this earth. 
And I would ask, what will happen if these two 
great sections go to war? Why, sir, a great por- 
tion of the labor now given to the culuvation of 
cotton would be withdrawn. The production of 
cotton in the southern States would fall off at 
once to one half, perhaps one third, of what it 
now is. And why? The supplies of various 
kinds which they have heretofore drawn from the 
pastures and fields and from the mills and the 
workshops of once friendly States, then become 
enemies, woul.d have to be supplied by our own 
labor, and thousands of strong arms and busy 
hands, now engaged in the culture of cotton, 
would have to be diverted to the growth of corn 
and wheat, and to the production of all the innu- 
rnerable articles that enter into the daily consump- 
tion ofa people. 
But this would not be all. Another portion still 
would have to be diverted from that culture for the 
production and supply of the munitions and mate- 
rial of war, and for the erection of works required 
for the purposes of defense at important strategic 
pointsin their territories. The sea would no longer 
be covered with the ships employed to carry food 
to the spindles and the looms of other lands. And 
what would be the result? Sudh a widc-spread suf- 
fering among those who depend upon labor, such 
a wide-spread suffering among those who depend 
upon the interest of capital, as the world never 
witnessed since the world began. It would give 
a shock to the industry of the whole world. 
would disturb all of the currents of trade. 
would overwhelm all civilized communities in 
bankruptcy. It would subject every class of so- 
ciety, not only throughout America, but through- 
out Europe, to every species of suffering. If that 
state of things were to continue, what would bc 
the condition of the world ? 
I know it has been suggested on the other side 
that there was an easy way of obtaining a supply 
of cotton in place of that now furnished by the 
southern States. I know that one gentleman L Mr. 
WASHBURN, of Wisconsin] referred to 'discov- 
eries made, as hc said, upon the continent of 
Africa., which would open the way to obtaining 
an aznple supply from that quarter of the world* 
I have given much attention to this subject, and 
I will venture to say that all the land that can be 
found upon that continent adapted to the profita- 
ble production of cotton , and which can be brought 
into cultivation for the next century, will not sup- 
ply as much cotton for the markets of the world 
as is yielded to-day by the labor ofa single county 
in the district represented by my friend from Ark- 
ansas, [Mr. RUST.] i know It is said by some 
that the world may obtain a supply from India; 
but it is idle to say so. Do we not all know that 
for a third of a century the Government of Great 
Britain has been engaged in unsuccessful attempts 
to supply herself with that great staple from her 
possessions there? Persons experienced in the 
culture of cotton have been taken there from the 
southern States and large amounts of capital have 
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1861. 
give the Powers engaged in that enterprise the 
means of making that country an instrument for 
the supply of the deficiency which would -f0110'+,r 
any diminution in the crops of America. But can 
any one having any discourse of reason suppose 
that will be so? China is a country now filled 
with hundreds of millions of people. China is a 
country in which that portion of the labor of its 
population which can be devoted to that purpose 
to-day, is scarcely suffcient to supply_it with the 
food necessary for the sustenance of her people. 
No year passes by in which famines do not occur 
in different portions of that vast Empire. A change 
may be made, it is true, in the character of the cot- 
ton which is now produced there; but its quantity 
cannot be materially increased, because the addi- 
tional labor which x.vould be necessary for that 
purpose cannot be spared from the work of pro- 
viding the articles of food constantly required for 
the subsistence of the teeming millions of her peo- 
ple who are engaged in all the other pursuits of 
life. 
But if I am mistaken with respect to the pros- 
pective capacity of Africa or of China to ailörd 
supplies of cotton hereafter, to take the place of 
that now derived from the South, what then? 
Why, it will be years and years before the work 
of providing for that supply can be accomplished. 
And what is Europe to do m the mean time, if the 
supply from the southern States should be cut off? 
Do you, gentlemen of the northern States, who 
believe in the existence of imperial powers in the 
Federal Government, and who talk so compla- 
cently of enforcing the Federal laws within the 
limits of the seceding States, suppose that that 
supply is to be kept up, if, as is proposed in tho 
bills you have reported to this House, you should 
blockade the ports of the seceding States? How 
is it to be done? Is that measure only designed to 
make the cotton bales of the South pass over your 
railroads, and thus find an egress through your 
cities on their way to Europe? Are blockades to be 
resorted to to enrich your railroad companies and 
the various agents employed in such inland trans- 
portation, with freights and tolls and commissions? 
If that be so, flatter not yourselvcs with any such 
results. If you fulfill your menaces, and blockade 
southern ports, the southern States will lay an 
embargo upon all cotton seeking transportation 
through the northern channels open to it. Not a 
bale will be permitted to be moved inland in that 
direction unLil the commerce of their ports is 
freed from your impediments. And if your people 
could stand this state of things, how long do you 
suppose that EPIand and France would stand by 
in silence and inaction? And if the two sections 
are engaged in actual war, so Ihat the cotton is 
not, only arrested in our ports, but not made, 
will they stand idly by and see you, who have 
heretofore been the partisans of the right of self- 
government,enenged in the despotic,work of com- 
pelling us to submit to be governed at your mere 
will and pleasure; and that, too, when, by this 
most gross and palpåble violation of the funda- 
NEW 48. 
But, Mr. Speaker, it was not my purpose to 
go to any length in this line of i.emark. It.was 
not my desire to do se• and but for therepeated 
interruptions, I might not have doneit. -I desired, 
however, to present to the Representatives of the 
American _people-such considerations as occurred 
to myxnind, showing it to be not only. required 
by patriotism, but that it is. required by the in- 
terest of trade, and for the comfort and the hap- 
piness Of the masses of our own peopl% and 
of the masses of mankind, that our separation, 
if it is to take place, and become permanent, 
shall be followed by.peace between the two sec- 
tions. 
And it is with that view that now call on north- 
ern Representatives to pause, and to we.igh well 
what they are. about to do. I would ask them if 
they are not laboring under great misconceptions 
as to the nature of the existing Federal Govern- 
ment? They seem to consider—if one may judge 
of their views from what is constantly thrown out 
by them in disconnected remarks—that there is a 
serious and fatal defect in that plan of Govern- 
ment if it does not have the power to compel sub- 
mission to its will, everywhere within the Fed- 
eral limits, by the exercise of physical power. 
Why, sir, to my mind, the absence of such a 
power is of the very essence of the republicanism 
which was professed and practiced by our fathers. 
They believa in the right of every'distinct peo- 
ple to govern themselves. They belonged to sep- 
arate States, each of which was then in the full 
enjoyment of this very right; and when they 
formed the Fedet•al Government, they so consti- 
tuted it that it would become the strongest Gov- 
ernment in the world while it retained thc affec- 
tions of our people, and the weakest of all 
when they were alienated. It was erected all-pow- 
erful for good , in everything that concerns the gen- 
oral inlerest, and absolutely without any strehgth 
for the purposes of local or sectional oppression. 
The States were left in existence; and so long as 
their people continue to regard the General Gov- 
ernment as their Government, its powers are un- 
controlled and uncontrollablc within them all. But 
if, on the other hand—no matter from what cause 
—the pcople of any State come to look upon it as 
a Government no longer theirs, butonc unfriendly 
to them, then, as I understand the Const.itution, 
when that fact is made manifest, by the filling of 
all the departments of the Slate government with 
men determined to act upon that idea, the Fed- 
eral Government is actually without the meanSof 
doing any act within their limits, in a constitutional 
or legal manner, without their consent. And is 
this a defect? It would be, indeed, a defect, and 
a great one, in a dcspotic Government which ac- 
knowledgcs the existence of no rights in opposi- 
tion to its own will. I doubt if it will ever be con- 
sidered so by those who hate oppression and who 
desire that existing rights shall never be violated 
Will you not, then, pause in the career upon which 
you seem about to enter, and, if you cannot bring 
yourselves to consent to an adjustment of our sec- 
mental principle of your own Government, you tional differences, at least determine to make the 
separation now taking place between the sections 
inflict on them, in cornmon with other 
peaceful ? 
an injury which will shake the whole social sys- 
ri"o-day, sir, there •are but six States that have 
tem of Europe to its very center? I, for one, think 
they will not. If thosc cvil times come, to which seceded. To-morrow, perhaps, another State will 
you seem to look forward, they will be compellcd 
But if those gentlemen 
bc added to that number. 
to interpose in their our n interest, and you and who take the views of their duty, to which I have 
we will be at their mercy; for our greatness and alluded, and pursue the course which we are 
strength will have been lost in our contests and induced to believe from their remarks they will 
divisions. And what will be the position then off attempt, where will it end? In a few short weeks 
any American, no matter from what State he may the Navy of the United States may be made use 
In a few short weeks 
go, if he ventures to go abroad? Why, he will be of to blockade our ports. 
pointed at everywhere as belonging to a race which the military power of the United States may be 
been employed. The care and attention of the I were incapable of maintaining the mighty fabric made use of for the purpose of taking possession 
most intelligent cultivators have been called into of empire x.vhich their fathers had reared. And of portions of our territory. NV hat then•? Let 
what would be the position of one going from the me tell these gentlemen that the blockade Of a 
their service. But, with what effect? Why, all 
efforts for its production in such quantities and of 'i North? Would he not meet with the additional II southern port is war; that the entry Of an arm Y 
reproach, whcre popular freedom was held in re- il into the territory of a seceding State is war. 'Then 
such qualities • as would, in any material degree, 
spect, that his people, when they had become a new condition of things will be seen. Thc first 
enable them to supersede the necessity for Amer- 
blow struck will cause the spirit •of southern 
ican cotton, by supplies to be obtained from that strong, had thrown aside all respect for the prin- , 
nationality to leap from the very hearts of her 
quarter, have been altogether abandoned. And it ciple of self-government to encyacre in a most un- 
II Mr. SICKLES. Will from Lou- 
is now said by many that the invasion and con- justifiable war upon their alienated kindred of the people. 
quest of China will terminate in such a way as to South 
48 
