THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
isiana yield to ap interruptionz.? be 
brief. 
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 will the gentleman. 
Mr. SICKLES. As the gentleman• is disposed 
to discuss the ques!ion of war and peace, and as 
he discusses every question with signal ability, I 
desire to inquire of him, if blockade be an act of 
war, whether, in his judgment, war has not äfready 
been initiated by measures of a -yet more;aggress- 
ive character, namely, the seizure of United States 
forts, of public vessels of the United States, 
and the spoliation of the mint and the public 
moneys of the United, States? If that be so, then 
are nöt the measures of the Government of which 
he has spoken essentially defensive in their char- 
acter, and rendered inevitable, imperative upon the 
people and the Government of the United States,- 
In protection •of their dignity, their rights, and 
thetr honor? 
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 regret that the gentleman 
from New York has asked the question he has, 
because it will only compel me to extend further 
the remarks I rose to submit. I say to him, as 
I would say to all, in the spirit of frankness, that 
when this Congress came together, and it became 
unmistakably manifest that it was the determina- 
tion of the southern people, of a portion of the 
United States, under the influence of what they 
conceived to be aggressions .upon their rights— 
under the influence of apprehensions which they 
entertained with respect to their future quiet and 
security—to have recourse tofthe right of revolu- 
tion; upon floor, and in the other end of the 
Capitol, declarations were made which were equiv- 
alent to the assertion of a right•and of a determ- 
ination, on the part of a majority of the.se States, 
to hold- the southern people in subjection; to re- 
duce them to acondition worse, worse by far, than 
that under which the people of Ireland groaned for 
centuries, and under which India now groans at 
the footstool of British power; then, sir 
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman will permit 
me, I will call his attention back to the point I 
mad c. 
Mr. TAYLOm. 1 prefer not to yield. 
Mr. SICKLES. I understand the gentleman 
to decline to yield to me. 
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 prefer not to yield. 
Under the circumstances in which they thcn 
stood, if it vvrere their scrious purpose to assert 
tho right of revolution, and to take the attitude of 
sovereign States, as an incident to the exercise 
of that , right, it vv'as also their duty to see that 
thestc fortresses, which had been erected upon 
their soil, net for the purpose of holding them in 
obedience, but for the purpose of repulsing for- 
eicrn invaders from our shores—it was their duty, 
I say, to prevent these fortresses and armaments 
frotn being mado use of by those men, who held 
to so monstrous doctrine, for the purpose of 
clit.cting• their subjugation. 
Mr. SPINNE1i. 
I malco a point of order upon 
the gentlmnan frorn Lou l.siana. 
Mr. SPINNER. 1 the point of 
I want to know whether it is 
and I insist on it. 
cornpctent for a member, sworn to suppo_rt the 
Constitution of the United States, to stand upon 
floor of House of Represerltatives and 
boldly avow, advocate, and justify treason to the 
United Slates, and to defend the stealing of Uni- 
ted States forts, United States arsenals, United 
States hospitals, and United States ships? I make 
the point of order, and I want it decided. 
Mr. RUST. Let the Chair decide the gentle- 
man's point of order. 
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman from Lou- 
isiana avows, I believe, that he is no longer a 
member of this House; yet he justifies in this 
I-louse the spoliation of property of this Govern- 
Is it competent for him to stand here and 
rnent. 
deft•nd acts of insult and disgrace to this Govern- 
ment? 
The SPEAKER. The House should have 
considered that when consent was given to the 
gentleman from Louisiana to submit his remarks. 
Mr. SPINNER. The House yielded to a per- 
scnal explanation. They had no idea he would 
indulge in the remarks he has. 
MI'. RUST. I call thc gentleman from New 
York to order. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let the 
proceed to take his fai•ewell from us, 
Mr. TAYLOR: if the United states 
send shits tou blockade our ports„ånd if the armies 
of the United States invade the soil' of the seced- 
ing States:,that would be war; and that when the 
first blow is struck, the spirit of southern nation- 
ality . will leap from the hearts of the southern 
" like Pallas all armed ; ' ' arid that State 
people, 
after State will array -themSelve•é under her guid- 
ance, until every southern State will be banded 
together to maintain that independence which all 
will have declared, and to vindicate the right of 
their people to exercise for themselves all the 
powers of self-government. When that blow is 
struck, gentlemen, let me tell you, whatever you 
may think to the contrary, people of the 
State of •Maryland, in which the first act was 
done which led to the formation of the existing 
Government, will come to the rescue. The sons 
of Virginia, the mother of States and of statesmen , 
will como to the rescue. A.nd the children of 
Kentucky, the dark and bloody ground, will come 
to the rescue. When that blow is struck, North 
Carolina will awake; and from her mountains 
and her valleys will stream that people who have 
never yet failed to heal' the calls of duty, or the 
demands of honor. Tennessee.will send forth her 
thousands filled with the memories of the -patri- 
otic dead whose remains now repose in her soil— 
the hero of the last war—Andrew Jackson. And 
even the hardy pioneers of Missouri, one of the 
younger of the sisters, will, like their own mighty 
river when at the flood, rush to the assistance of 
their southern brethren; and then such a conflict 
as this world has never yet witnessed will be upon 
us. Fields which are nosv filled with men en- 
gaged in the employnoents of ordinary life will be 
trenched with the march of war, and every hill- 
side will be the sccnc of combat, and thc streams 
of every valley will run with blood. But i will 
not look upon tho horrid picture which a swift- 
coming future luay but too soon, perhaps, force 
upon the tunwilling gaze. 
For myself, it is Iny purpose now to withdraw 
from this body, and to return to rny home in Lou- 
I have no desire or wish, when I arrive 
Ismna. 
there, of taking anv part ill the proceedinzs of the 
day. It is my iniention to live in quict at 111 y 
own home, and pursue the ordinary occupations 
but if that day of war comes, then l, as 
of life; 
one of tbc people of Louisiana, shall feel it to be 
my duty to take up arms in her defense; and I 
say to you now, gentlemen, though within the 
lirnits of that State there are still a portion of her 
people who desire a continuance of the Union, if 
that be possible, upon such a basis as would be 
just and right to the South, that if that dread day 
comes, there will not be found upon her soil one 
single man who will not be ready to meet the in- 
vuders of his country, and to shed his blood in 
her defense. 
Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen o? the House of 
Representatives, I now bid you farewell. But 
I do not leave you entirely without hope that 
these unhappy difün•ences may yet be adjusted in 
such a manner as will lead to the reconstruction 
of thc Union on such a basis as will make it per- 
For one, .1 cannot yet believe that the 
petual. 
American people have so far forgotten the great 
principles of true republicanism, under whose in- 
fluence they arrived at such a pitch of greatness, 
as not to hc willing to do that which is right and 
just in order to restore the Federal Government 
to the old condition, and thus insure its perpetu- 
ation to the remotest posterity. If, unhappily, ! 
however, the hope I entertain should not be real- 
ized , because ofthe existence of the pride of power; 
because ofa perversion of the public mind of the 
North to such a degree that it will no longer tol- 
crate the principles of genuine republicanism, or 
permit the exercise of the right of self-government 
by any other but themselves, then indccd I can 
say that I have been deceived in my judgment of 
tbe American people. 
Under the influence of that hope I shall bid you 
farewell, in the expectation that we may yet meet I 
together in these Halls. 
If vv•e do, why then 
we'll smile." Bat it that hope is disappointed, 
and we are to hereafter stand in hostile opposition 
to each other, then, to continue the language which 
the poet has put into the mouth of the great Ro- 
man, on taking leave of his friend, upon the eve 
of that conflict which was to dctcrminc whether 
the iron rule of imperial domination exerted 
through the forms of their old repub_lican institu? 
tions, I can only say: 
This parting was well made." 
Mr. BOULIGNY obtained the floor. 
The SPEAKER. If is no objection, the 
gentleman from Louisiana will roceed. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. object. Cries of " No!" 
No P' all OVer the House.] 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman 
will withdraw his objection, we will grant him 
consentto speak when'he takes his leave. [Laugh- 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 will withdraw m objec- 
tion, provided it is to be a Union speech. Laugh- 
Mr. BOULIGNY. I take this occasion to ex- 
press my regret that I am not able to agree with 
the honorable Senators from my State, and with 
my colleague who hag just taken his seat, [Mr. 
TAYLOR,] although I entertain the greatest regard 
for their opinions. In the outset, permit me to say 
I that until a few moments ago, was in the same 
condition with my colleague, not havincr received 
offcial information of the passage of the ordinance 
of secession by the convention of my State. Nor 
have I received frorn the Legislature of my State, 
now in session, any information of the passage 
by that body of a resolution instructing her Sen- 
ators, requesting her Representatives, to with- 
draw from 06ngress. For one, although 1 i•e- 
1 
spect that body, I shall not, obey its request. 
was not elected by that body, and I have nothing 
to do with it, or it with me. 
In reference to the convention, will say that 
I respect that body, as I do the Legislature of my 
State. Many of Its members are my personal 
and intimate friends; but I think they have shown 
discourtesy to me when they have not even thought 
proper to send me a copy of their ordinance of 
secession; certainly, I shall pay it no attention 
until it is communicated to me. [Laughter.] 
Mr. Speaker, there is anot.her reason which 
compels me to differ with the Senators and Rep- 
I am the only member 
rescntativcs of my State. 
of Congress from Louisiana who was elected as 
an American Union•man. To those principles I 
shall stand forever. [Great applause in the gal- 
Again: when I carne here, I took the oath to 
sustain the Constitution of the United States. 
What does that mean? Does not the Constitu- 
tion of the United States mean the Union of the 
United States? I so understand it; and to that 
oath I shall adhere firmly to the end. Whenever 
I am instructed by my immediate constituents, 
and am requested by them to withdraw from Con- 
gress, I shall comply with those instructions as 
soon as they are received. Then, and not until 
the'n, I shall resign; and after resigning my posi- 
tion here, I shall yet be a Union map, and stand 
under the flag of the country which gave mc birth. 
[Great applause in the galleries and on the floor.] 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
The SPEAKER. The business next in order 
is the Senate amendments to the deficiency bill. 
The amendments will be read and considered in 
their order. 
First amendment oc the Senate: 
For the compensation and mileage oc Senators, $13,000. 
The SPEAKER. The Committee ofthe Whole 
on.the state of the Union recommend a concur- 
rence in this amendment. 
The amendment was concurred in. 
Second amendment: 
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, for miscel- 
laneous items," $3,000. 
TheSPEAKER. The Committee oftheWh01e 
on the state of the Union recommend a concur- 
rence in that amendment, with an amendment, as 
follov,rs: 
For contingent expenses of the Senate and House of 
Representatives, 
For additional poliee for the Capitol, payable by the Sen- 
ate, 81,096 97; and for additional police far the Capito% 
payable by the House of Representatives. $1,096 97. 
'l'o supply deficiencies in the appropriation for taking the 
eighth census, $437,000. 
For expenses ofselect cmnmittee appointed under the res- 
Olution of the House of Representatives of 24th December, 
1860, $5,000; and for expenses of select committee made by 
order of the House of Representatives of 9th of January, 
1861, $3,000, making $8,000; and that the said sunt shall 
freedom should continue to exist in the Roman be added to the miscellaneous item of the contingent fund 
world, or her people should be delivered over to of the House. 
