1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
755 
For expenses ofremoving the office of the Fourth Auditor 
of the Treasury -to the apartments assigned in Winder's 
building, and -for -cleansing, repairing, and furnishing the 
same, $3,508 55. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to; and the amendment as amended was con- 
curred in. 
Third amendment: 
To enable the Secretary the Navy to carry out the con- 
ditional contract made by him with the Chiriqui i:nprove- 
ment Company and Ambrose W. Thompson on the 21st 
day of May, 1859, for the purpose of securing to the United 
States certain valuable privileges and rights specified in 
said contract; and which said contract is hereby approved, 
$300,000. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask for the yeas and nays 
upon that amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Thatamend- 
ment was, i believe, disagreed to by the Commit- • 
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. 
The SPEAKER. The amendment was non- 
concurred in by the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union. The question now is, 
" Will the House concur in the amendment?" 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 43, nays 121; as follows: 
YVS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Thomas L. An- 
derson, Barr, Barret, Bouligny, Brabson, Briggs, Bristow, 
Brown, Burch. Burnett, John n. Clark, John Cochrane, 
J;unes Craig, Dimmick, Edmundson, Etheridge, Ferry, 
Fiorence, Foster, Gilmer, Hatton, Hindman, Jenkins, Lar- 
rabee, Maelay, Mallory, McKenty, Montgon:ery, Laban 
Moore, Noell, Peyton, Quarles, Scott, Sickles, Sinnns, 
YViliimn N. I-I. Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Wgodruff, 
and Woodson—43. 
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Allen, AI- 
ley, Willianu C. Anderson, Ashley, Avery, Babbitt, Beale, 
Binghan), Blair, Blake, Branch, Brayton, Buttinton, Bur- 
lingame, Burnham, Butterfie.ld, Campbell, Carey, Coburn, 
Conkling, Conway, Corwin, Burton Craige, H. Winter 
Davis. Jobn G. Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Edger- 
ton, Edwards, Eliot, Elv, English, Farnsworth, Fenton, 
Frank, French, Garnett, Cooeh, Graham, Grow, Gu•rley, 
•Hale. Hmniiton, Haskin, Hoard, Holman, William A. How- 
at•d, (lughes, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Kilgore, Killinger, 
DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Leach, Lee, Logan, Long- 
necker, Lootnis, Lovejoy, Marston, McClernand, McKean 
McKnight, Millson, Millward, Moorhead, Morrill, Edwar 
Joy Mo'rris, isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, 
Pendleton, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pottle, 
Pryor, Edwin 1k. Reynolds, John H. Reynolds, 
Riggs, 
Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Royce, Rust, 
Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Williarn 
Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, 'I'homas, 'l'ompkins, 
Train, Trirnble, Vallandigham, Vance, Vandever, Verree, 
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, EIJihu 
B. Washburne, Webster, Wells, Whiteley, Wilson, Win- 
dom, Winslow, VVood, and Wrigbt—121. 
So the amendment of the Senate was disagreed 
to. 
During the call, 
MI'. MAYNARD (when his name was called) 
said: Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, i am informed 
by a friend, is detained from the House this morn- 
ino••, arid, al his request, I have agreed to pair with 
him on this vote. Hc would have voted in the 
affirmative, and •I in the negative. 
Mr. MORSE (when his name was called) said: 
1 am in favor of this measure, properly guarded 
and restricted; but I think the Senate amendment 
quite too loose; and I therefore vote " no." 
Mr. that he had off 
upon this question with Mr. MCPHERSON. 
Mr. CAREY stated that Mr. THEAKER was 
absent in consequence of sickness in his family, 
and had informed him that he was paired with 
some gentleman; but whether generally, or upon 
.this question only, he could not say. 
Mr. TRAIN staled that Mr. was confined 
to his house by indisposition. 
Mr. PETTIT stated that he had been absent 
from the House for two Weeks in consequence of 
indisposition. 
Mr. PENDLETON announced that Mr. MAR- 
TIN, of Ohio, was confined to his room by indis- 
position; and also, that Mr. CURTIS was engaged 
In attendance on the convention now sittinø in 
this city as one of the commissioners of the State 
of Iowa. 
The result of the vote having been announced 
the question recurred upon 
as above recorded, 
agreeinx to the fourth amendment of the Senate, 
which is as follows: 
'L'o enable the Superintendent of Public to 
carry into ell-ect the provisions of tåe joint resolution iu 
relation to the Public Printing, approved June 23 1860, 
$135,000: Proeided, That no part of this appropriation shall 
be expended until the title to the property purchased shall 
have been examined and approved by thc Attorney General 
of the United States. 
the Union recommended a non-concurrence in the, 
amendment. 
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays 
on aoreeing to the amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the aflirmative—yeas 88, nays 67; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Alley, Thomas L. Andcrson, Barr, Barret, 
Blair, Brabson, Branch, Brayton, -Briggs, Bristow, Buffin- 
ton, B urlinganne, Burnham, Butterfield, Case, Coburn, John 
Cochrane, Conway, Corwin, James Craig, Dawes, Delano, 
Dimmick5 Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Florence, Fouke, 
Gooch, Graham, Gurley, Hale. Hatnikton, Haskin, Helmick, 
Hoard, VViIIianr A. Howard, Hughes, Irvine, Junkin, Kill- 
inger, Lee, Maclay, Mallory, Marston, McKean, McKenty, 
Miilson, Millward, Montgotnery, Moorhead, Morrill, Ed. 
ward Joy Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Phelps, Quarles, 
Christopher Robinson, Scott, 
John H. Reynolds, Riggs, 
Scranton, Sherman, Sickles, William N. H. Smith, Spauld- 
ing, Spinner, William Stewart, Stratton, Tappan, Train, 
Vallandigham, Van Wyck, Verree, Ellihu B. Washburne, 
Webster, Wells, Whiteley, VVils01i, Winslow; Wood, aud 
Woodruff—88; 
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Willitun C. Anderson, Avery 
Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blake, Boeock, Brown, Burch, 
Burnett, Cmnpbell, Carey, John B. Clark, Conkling, Bur- 
ton Craige, John G. Davis, De ,larnettc, Edmundson, Eth- 
cridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Foster, Garnett, Giltner, John 
Ilatton. [lindtnan, Holman, Jenkir•s, Francis W. 
T. Harris, 
Kellogg, Kilgore, 'DeWitt C. Leach, Jan-les M. Leach, Lo- 
gall, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Elbert S. M artin, May- 
nard, McClcrnand, Laban 'II. Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Pen- 
Pottle, Edwin R. 
dleton, Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Potter, 
Stanton, Stevenson, 
Rust, Sinnns, 
Reynolds, Royce, 
Stokes, 'I'l)omas. Tompkil'i*, Vance, Vandever, Wade, 
Waldron, Walton, Cadwatader C. Washburn, Windotn, 
Woodsou, and VVright—67. 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
During the roll-calf, 
Mr. SPINNER (when his name was called) 
said: I find that this is an appropriation to pay 
this amount under contract made in pursuance 
I therefore vote " ay. " 
of a law of last session. 
Mr. HOARD (when his name was called) said: 
I wish to say that, but for the existing law, which 
I think imposes on us an obligation to carry out 
this contract, I should vote no. 
Mr. IRVINE (when his name was called) said: 
IJnderstanding this to be an executed contract on 
the part of the Government, and that it is a mere 
question as to the time when the payment shall 
be made, I vote " ay." 
Mr. HINDMAN said: have been in the habit, 
latterly, of voting with our colored friends for all 
extravagant appropriations, in the hope of sink- 
ing this Govcrnment irretrievably; but there is a 
little too much rascality about this, and I vote 
no. 
The result, of the vote having been announced 
as above recorded, 
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
The action of the Committee of the Whole on 
the state of the Union, in regard to the remaining 
amendmen ts of the Senate, was then concurred in. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the sev- 
eral votes by which the amendments of the Senate 
were severally agreed and disagreed to; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
REPORTS OF COURT OF CLAIMS. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House reports 
from tho Court of Claims, numbered from 271 to 
276; which were placed upon the Private Calen- 
I dar, and ordered to be printed. 
APPROPRIATION BILLS. 
on motion of Mr. SHERMA N, the legislative, 
executive, and judicial appropriation bill, and the 
consular and diplomatic appropriation bill. re- 
turned from the Senate with amendments, were 
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to the 
Committee of Ways and Means. 
SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS. 
On of Mr. STEVENS, ofWashington, 
provide for a superintendent of Indian affairs for 
Washington Territory, and additional Indian 
was taken from the Speaker's table. 
auen ts,' 
'l' he followino• amendment, made by the Senate, 
was concurred in: 
Add at the end of the second section of the bill, as fol- 
The Committee of the Whole on the state of l] Provided, That no agent or sub-agent, either special or 
temporary, or, otherwise; shäll be 
continued in employment except 
only the three agents and two 
existing law, and the additional agentsprwided -bYftbiÉ aet. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington, moved to re- 
consider the vote by which the amendment was 
concurredin; and also moved to lay the motiomto 
reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
Mr. COLFAX. 1 now call up the House bill 
No. 950, in relation to the postal service, which 
was postponed till to-day. 
INDIAN TRUST FUND BONDS. 
Mr. CRAIG, Will thegentleman 
from Indiana allow me to offer a resolution for 
reference merely ? 
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Let it be read by its 
title; and if objection be made, I will withdraw it. 
There being no objection, a joint resolution 
making provision for the recovery -of certain 
bonds belonging to the Indian trust fund, and for 
other purposes, was read a first and second time, 
and referred to the select commit.tee of five on that 
subject. 
JOHN ROGERS. 
Mr. STOK ES asked and obtained the unanimous 
consentof the House to discharge the Committee 
of the Whole House from the furtherconsideration 
of House bill No. 924, granting a pension to John 
Rogers, of Tennessee. 
POSTAL SERVICE. 
Mr. COLFAX. now call up House bill No 
950, in relation to the postal service. 
The bill was taken up for consideration. Its 
preamble recites that in several States of the Union 
the judges, district attorneys, and marshals, com- 
missioned by the Government of the United States 
for said States, having resigned their offces, and 
it appears impracticable, in consequence of revo- 
lutionary proceedinæs therein, to fill the vacancies 
thus created; that the Government of the United 
States is thus without any means of collecting or 
enforcing in such States the payment of the postal 
revenues from the officers collecting the same, or 
of punishing violations of the postal laws com- 
mitted by robberies of the mails or otherwise, or 
of enforcing the performance of mail contracts. It 
therefore enacts that in all States, which are or may 
hereafter be situated as above, the Postmaster Gen- 
cral is hereby directed to discontinue the postal 
service for such period of time as in his judgment 
the public ii)terests may require, and shall report 
his action to Congress. 
Mr. COLFAX. I stated to the gentleman from 
North Carolina the other day that before I should 
ask the House to vote on this bill I would give 
him the opportunity of being heard. In compli- 
ance with that promise, I now yield him the floor, 
with the understanding that I shall have it after 
he gets through. 
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Indiana 
was kind enough, on Thursday last, when this 
bill came up in Its regular order, in consequence 
of a representation from me that I was engaged 
on the select committee of five, and could not be 
present, to postpone it till to-day. I desire to 
make a few remarks in regard to this bill, and I 
shall offer an amendment to it before I take my 
seat. 
It seems to me mostextraordinary, Mr. Speaker, 
that a bill of the character of this, proposing to 
deprive the people of a large number of the States 
of the Union of their mail facilities, on the ground 
that the laws in relation to the mail service in 
those States cannot be executed, should be passed 
without Congress being informed by the commit- 
tee proposing it, or by the Post Office Depart- 
ment, that any obstructions exist in these States 
to the execution of those laws. We are informed 
that the Post Offce laws have been, up to the 
present time, uniformly and faithfully executed 
and obeyed in the State of South Carolina. The 
postmasters in that State are regularly collecting 
the postage revenues, and accounting for them to 
the Government. We have not been informed 
by the chairman of the Post, Office Committee that 
any robberies of the inail have been committed 
in that State, or any other offense committed 
against the Post Office laws, that have not been 
amply and entirely punished, or that there are 
means there in existence for punishing. When- 
ever such cage oceurs, and when this House 
