75ß 
is informem that the Post omce laws cannot 
be _ executed in the seceding States -in .conse- 
quenqe of- the want Of offcers of the courts, itwiil 
be time enough for us to consider whether any 
legislation is necessary by Congress to meet the 
emergency. No one knows better than the chair- 
man of the post Offce Committee, that whenever 
any obstructions do exist there, or whenever, 
from any cause, the Postmaster General finds it 
to' be to thepublic interest to discontinue-the mail 
service in those States, -he- is vested- with power, 
under existing laws, to discontinueit at his pleas- 
ure. He can discontinue the mail service in every 
neighborhood, in- every State, in every county, 
in which he finds that, from any cause, the laws 
for the protection Of the mails cannot, or will riot, 
be executed. We have already provided amply 
for all the mischiefs that are likely to arise in 
those States; 'and if any unforeseen difficulties 
occur; it is not necessary for us to pass a broad 
law that shall strike all the people of an entire 
section of the Union. The Postmaster General 
can adjust his remedy to thc diffculty that exists. 
He' can discontinue the mails in those States or 
neighborhoods Where the Post Office laws cannot 
be executed. But the chairman of the Post Offce 
Committee proposes now, not to confine the blow 
to those who offend against law, but also to make 
those Who are inoffensive, and who are ready to 
obey every behest of the law, responsiblefor the 
misdeeds of others. 
Mr. Speaker, we must treat these States either 
as being in the Union or out of the Union. If they 
are in the Union* if the Post Office Committee 
acknowledge them to be in the Union, then .1 sub- 
mit that it IS a most uncrracious act to withdraw 
from them all the beneficent laws of the Union , and 
to impose upon them only such of its laws as inflict 
burdens and, injuries on them. If they are in the 
Union, they are entitled to equal postal facilities 
with the other portions of the United States. If, 
however, that committee are of the opinion that 
these States are out of the Union, and arc prc- 
pared to acknowlcd&c them as being out of the 
Union, then I have not a word to say against 
I do not know a form in which the inde- 
it. 
pendence of those States can bc recognized any 
better than by withdrawing from them the pöstal 
If such be the ob- 
facilities of the Government. 
ject of the Post Office Committee in proposing this 
'bill, I can only say that think they are a little 
premature. I myself am not yet prepared to with- 
draw the laws of the Union from, thosc States, 
however. much I am opposed to attempt to exe- 
cute those laws at the point of the sword or at 
the cannon's mouth. If it. is intended by this bill 
to recognize the independence of those States, I 
will not argue it with the chairman of the Post 
Ofiice Cornrnittee at all. Hc and his friends_may 
take their- owri course in regard 10 it. 
If they will 
acknowledge the indcpondcnce of those States, 
that will, at least, give us security against what 
I regard as the greatest ill that cun beiåll our racc 
on this continent—that is, civil war. 
13ut, sir, there is a point of view in which I may 
and will enter my protest against this bill. 
tho gelltleman frorn Indiana aware that, through ! 
all that section of country in which these seceded 
States lie, there exists the most intimate relation- 
ship and the largest and Inosl intimate intercourse 
between the people of States that have seceded 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
be anything •else.. : Because Mississippi secedes 
from the Union, is North Carolina to be punished 
equally with- Mississippi? How long willlit be 
before you bring in laws here to make it criminal, 
perhaps to make it constructive treason, for us to 
love the members of our households in ,those 
States? You do not propose that we shall com- 
municate with them. A citizen of Virginia can- 
not write to, his brother or his father who is in 
the State of Mississippi. If you can do that, why 
cqn you not also, as a means of coercing and pun- 
ishing these people for what you call their act of 
rebellion , declare that their brothers shall not even 
love them without being guilty of constructive 
treason ? 
I assure the honorable gentleman from Indiana 
that, if•his object is to bring back into the Union 
the States that have seceded, his measure is not 
If you 
only' unnecessary, but it is mischievous. 
pass such a law as this, and execute it, and fol- 
low it out, you may drive out of the Union States 
that arc now steadfastly in it. 
Mr. Speaker, I cannot but think that this bill 
is ill-considered, or not considered at all. 1 know 
it is ill-advised. You have raised a special com- 
mittee of five, to which you have referred the 
whole subject growing out of the secession of 
States. That committee have reported two bills 
that are • now upon your table. One of them 
proposes to cut off their commerce and de- 
stroy their intercourse c.ommercially with all the 
world, except the people of the northern States; 
thc other proposes to vest in the President the 
power to call out the Army and Navy; to call 
for volunteers; and not confining him even within 
your own limits, he may hire as many Hessians 
and Swiss as he can hire in Europe to assist in 
reducing to submission the seceding States, and 
in taking possession of the public property now 
in their hands. These two bills, if passed into 
laws, must certainly satisfy those who are most 
If they become 
vengeful against these States. 
laws, and you can succeed in executing them at 
the point of the bayonet, I think every one will 
admit that these States will have been sufficiently 
punished for what you call their act of rebellion. 
Why come in with this bill, not aimed at citizens 
of these States alone, but involving in its conse- 
qucnces the citizens of other States that have not 
seceded, and are not expected to secede? I said 
it was ill-advised and unconsidered; that the Post 
Office Comrniuee could not have looked at this 
bill in all its bearinms, or they would have inserted 
some -provisions to prevent these consequences 
I know the bill was intro- 
to which I allude. 
duced into the House on one day, referred to the 
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, 
and reported back to the I-louse, i believe, on the 
and of those that I-lave not? In North Carolina 
and' Virginia, you cannot go into a neighborhood 
that is not bound to the pöople of t.bose seceding 
States by the tenderest of ties. You can scarcely 
go into a household from which some member 
has not gone and settled in some of those seceded 
States. Our business relations are also of the 
Inost intimate character. I know that in the State 
of North Carolina there is not. a county, and I 
scarccly a neighborhood, where there are not 
loyal and faithful citizens of this Republic who 
have large property in the States that have se- 
ceded. Docs the gentleman from Indiana pro- 
pose, in order to punish those Stales, Lo inflict 
punishment also on us? Shall not my constitu- 
ent, who is loyal and true to the Union, bo allowed 
to receive cornmunication In regard to his plant- 
ing interests in the Stiites of Mississippi or Ala- 
hama, because those States bavc seceded? Do 
you propose to involve us in the punishment 
which you inflict on our brothers? If yon do, I 
can only inform you that, if you _ regard it as a 
measure, you will find it prove to 
very next day. The committee, therefore, could 
not have given it very much consideration. If 
they had not been in such hot haste to cut off tho 
priv.ilcges of these seceding States; if they had 
taken a little morc tirne to consider it, they could, 
perhaps, have brought forward something that, 
w Ilile it inflicted chastisement upon the seceding 
States, would have also protected thc States that 
have not seceded. 
I can assure gentlemen, I can assure the I-louse, 
that if this bill passes and you attempt to execute 
its provisions, I do not believe that bv any law 
you can pass, or any rne,asurcs of adjusiment you 
can adopt, you can keep thc people bfMaryland, 
Virginia, North Carolina, Tennc.ssec, and Ken- 
If you undertake to 
lucky within your Union. 
cut off intercourse and communication between 
them and the seceding States, if they have one 
particle of kpirit about them, neither armies nor 
anything else can keep them in the Union. I can 
write to Ei)gland, and your Government will af- 
ford facilities to convey In y letter to its destina- 
tion. The citizen of Massachusettscan write to his 
friend in Canada, and your laws furnish every 
(ruard against any detention of his letter, and place 
b 
every possible facility in his possession {br corn- I 
munic,ating with that friend. can write to any 
part of the world, and my letter will be carried by 
my own Governrnent, as far as its jurisdiction 
extends; and where its jurisdiction ceases, it se- 
cures, by negotiation with foreign Governments, 
still further guarantees. for the transmission of 
my letter through other countries. You, gentle- 
men, do not propose to cut of-F any of these facil- 
ities from the commercial people of the North; 
but you come here Wilh the measure which is now 
under consideration, and propose to provide that 
the cotton planter of my State and the sugar planter 
in the State of Tennessee or Kentucky •shall be 
prevented from communicating with his own prop - 
erty, at least on as favorable terms as he can Oom- 
municate with England, with Canada, or with 
Russia. Your bill meets not only the emergency 
that you say you have to provide for, but it goes 
It riot only punishes those who 
far beyond it. 
havc offended you, butit inflicts more serious pun- 
ishment still upon those whom you yet favor with 
your gracious protection. 
I tell the gentleman from Indiana, that if he 
passes this bill into a law, it cannot and never will 
be executed, in my opinion, 'on the State of North 
Carolina. He can take my declaration for svhat 
it is worth; that is my opinion. Before closing, 
I desire to offer an amendment, which I think will 
appear so obviously just that even the chairman 
oftbe Committee on the Post Offce and Post Roads 
will not object to it. I move to add the following 
section: 
SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That after the mail ser•• 
vice has been discontinued in any State or States under the 
provisions of the first section of this act, it shall be the duty 
of the Postmaster General, when notified that the inhabit- 
ants or constituted authorities thereof have made arrange- 
ments for the•transportation of mails at their own and 
expense, to enter into arrangements with then) for the ex- 
change of mails and the reciprocal collection of postages, at 
least as favorable to them as the existing arrangements with 
Canada for similar purposes are to the Government and 
people of that province. 
Mr. COLFAX. I raise thc question of order, 
that mötion to recommit is pending, and of 
course the bill is not susceptible of amendment. 
Mr. BRANCH. I understood the gentleman 
from Indiana to yield me the floor ? 
Mr. COLFAX. yielded the floor to the gen- 
tleman from North Carolina for the purpose of 
addressing the House; but the gentleman from 
North Carolina is too familiar with the rules not 
to be aware that no motion to amend is in order 
while the motion to recommit is pending. 
Mr. BRANCH. Well, sir, if the motion to 
recommit is voted down, an amendment will be in 
order; and I hope I may have an opportunity of 
submitting this amendment. 
MESSAGE FROM SENATE. 
A message was received from the Senate by 
Mr. HICKEY, their Chief Clerk, informing the 
House that the Senate.has passed , without amend- 
ment, a bill of this House (No. 341) for the relief 
of Moses Meeker. 
Also that the Senate has passed an act (No. 
547) for the relief of St. Matthew's Church, of 
the city of Washington; in which he was directed 
to ask the concurrence of the House. 
Also that the Senate have concurred in the res- 
olutiou reported in part by the joint committee to 
ascertain and report a mode of examining the 
votes for President and Vice President of the 
United States, and of notifying the persons elected 
of their election; have appointed Mr. 'I'RUM- 
BULL the teller on their part. 
COUNTING OF VOTES FOR PRESIDENT. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
I ask the 
cqnscnt of the House to take up the message from 
the Senate which has just been received, in refer- 
ence t.o counting the votes for the President and 
Vice President elect, and act upon it. 
There being no objection , thc rncssage was taken 
from the Speaker's •table and read, as follows: 
IN SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES, 
February 5, 11861. 
Mr. 'I'RtJMBüLL, from the joint cornrnittec appointed to 
ascertain and report a mode iör examining the votes for 
President and Vicc President of the United States. and no- 
Eit•ying the persons eiccted of their election, sulnnitted a 
report„in part, aecolnpanied by the follouring resolution : 
Resolved, 'That the two Houses will asse:nble in the 
Chamber of the House of Representatives on Wedesday, 
the 13th day of February, 1861, at twelve o'clock, and the 
Presidentof the Senate shall be the Presiding Officer ; that 
one person be appointed a teller on the part af the Senate 
and two on the part of the Elouse of Representatives, to 
make a list of the votes as they shall be declared ; that the 
result shali be delivered to the President of the Senate, who 
sbali announce the state of the vote, and the persons elected, 
to the two Houses, asse:nbled as aforesaid, which shall be 
decnned a declaration of the persons elected President and 
Vice President of tile United States, and, together with a 
list of the votes, be entered on the Journals of the two 
Houses. 
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded to con- 
sider the said resoiution, and agreed thereto. 
Ordered, 'I'hat the teller on the part of the Senate be 
appointed bv the President of the Senate. 
And Mr. TRUMBULL was appointed. 
ASBURY DICKINS, Secretary. 
Attest : 
