1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL 
the very season of the year when the remittan"ces, 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of niinois•. 1 that 
the report" be concurred, iri Oh the part of the if honorably met, are forwarded. They 'have 
House; and that the Speaker. be authorizéd to been met, I regret to know. But, sir, they would 
appoint two members as tellers. 
The motion was agreed to. 
POSTAL SERVICE-—AGAIN. 
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, there legal 
necessity for the passage of a bill Of this charac- 
ter. There is no powrer in any of the seceding 
States to protect the mails of the United States. 
There is no power in any of the seceding Siates 
to punish any criminal offense which may be per- 
petrated upon the mails. As there are no courts 
there which would entertain jurisdiction of any 
offense charged to have been committed in any of 
the seceding States, therefore, ec necessitate rei, 
the government of tho United Yates must either 
subject the mails to the hazard Of every possible 
trespass and depredation, or else withhold them 
from those seceding States. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman yield 
to me for a moment? 
Mr. SICKLES. With pleasure. 
Mé. HINDMAN. While 1 shall for this 
bill, acknowledging as it does independence of the 
seceding States, yet, sir, my impression is that in 
the seceding States the laws of the United States 
not specially declared null and void are expressly 
continued in force. 
Mr. SICKLES. My attention has not yet 
been called to that extraordinary inéonsistency. 
I have yet to hear of the principle upon which a 
sovereign State asserts its independence, and still 
allows the laws of a foreign jurisdiction to be en- 
forcéd within its boundaries; and I trust that no 
State holding the -dignified attitude which these 
States claim, either us members heretofore of this 
Union or as independent States, will occupy such 
a position. 
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 have no desire to inter- 
rupt the gentleman unnecessarily. I do not un- t 
derstand it is the intention of the seceding States 
that thc Unitcd States shall enforce its laws within 
their limits; but those laws having been enacted, 
and they having previously submitted to their 
enforcement within their limits, they, of their 
own act, and by their own authority, provide for 
their future enforcement until sucl•n time, as they 
In •that 1 
shall deem fit to declare their repeal. 
see nothing derogatory to their assumption of 
authority . 
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman from Arkansas 
is a good lawyer; and I am quite confident, if he 
were intrusted with the defcnsc of a person ac- 
cused of a crime upon the mails of the United 
not be safe. I maintain, under existing legiSlation 
and in the present condition of relations between 
the United States and the seceding States, that it 
would be most hazardous to forward remittances 
between the seceding States and the remaining 
States of the Union. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, as I have already remarked , 
I would not vote for this as a measure o? coercion ; 
but just so far as you can suspend the operation 
of your laws upon the seceding States, you ob- 
viate the necessity of coercive measures, affrm•a- 
tively pressed by the Government of the United 
States. Pending these disastrous events, I-woUId 
confine the Government of the United States strict- 
ly—as far as it is possible to do it consistent with 
the acts of the seceding States themselves—to a 
defensive line of policy, over thc public property, 
over the public vessels, which are indisputably 
ours, 'and especially over those places where 
jurisdiction has been ceded to us by the south- 
ern States themselves—there I would maintain 
a strictly defensive attitude; and I would defend I 
it firmly; I would defend it adequately; I would 
defend it without yielding to menaces, or to at- 
tempts at coercion from any quarter, whether it 
proceeded from the seceding States themselves, 
or from the allies they may seek elsewhere. [Ap- 
plauso.] 
But, .with reference to affirmativc measures of 
coercion to be adopted on the part of the Govern- 
ment of the United States, there I would draw a 
broad and clear line of distinction ; and especially 
in respect of laws tbc enforcement of which can 
only be accomplished through the aid of the magis- 
tracy. Of these, sir, the postal laws form a dis- 
tinct class With respect to the reveriue laws, 
they are not administered bv internal machinery 
—at least, to any considerabie cxtcnt. They noay 
757 
when; béfore- r:1.iPöii.? the 
forts and' arms Qf thé Unitéd : buts in 
either event; they were )obé used , beliéved, 
for the purposes •of •insurreetion, and -therefore, 
in the 'preservation of the •public- Séi'Zed 
them, and will' hold them ågaihst all comers; 'i' 
[Applause in the galleries.] I; woü'ld' ha•Ve? gent- 
thåc answerto.Mr. TOOM"BS; arid-I' regrötthat- the 
Mayor Of Nbxi.r Yotk was so -unmindful Of What 
was due to my city and to ox.v.n position}, 
to have sent the craven answer to which •he •ap- 
pended his name. 
But to resume the current of my argument•at 
the point where I yielded to •t'l'ié interruption of 
my friend from Arkansas. Levus hot, at a crisis 
like this, confound ideas. Let usnot confuse our 
proceedings by afailui•e to discriminatc carefully 
between what: we may rightfully do in the dis- 
charge of our duty and what would be cruel and 
unwise- to do' in yielding•to passioqs. •Tolådmin- 
ister this Government, to protect its proper.ty, to 
guard its mails, to hold the scales'0fjustiée •eien 
and true as between those who are and those who 
are not in harmony, can never bé coercion, -but it 
is the simple and honest dischäi•ge Of our sworn 
duty. To that extent I: would go; no fui•ther. 
The President of the United States lias solemnly 
announced to the people of this Country that he 
will not adopt tbc policy ofcoercion. It •has not 
been adopted. The Congress of the United States, 
in the presence of event's which all concede to be 
revolution, has abstained from any and every 
measure of coercion. Yet we have seen no re- 
sponse to this policy, which only escapes the 
charge of being pusillanimous, because it is con- 
ceived in forbearance, in fraternal affection, in 
the hope that peace may be restored; for if we 
were to accept a declaration that there shall be no 
appeal except to the sword, then, sir, none of us 
would -like to be held responSible for tolerating 
series of events which håve reduced this Govern- 
ment—if it were powerless, indeed, to prevent 
be enforced as General Jackson proposed to en- 
them or escape their consequences—to a condition 
force them—by a ship-of-war lying off the harbor, 
among the nations of t.he earth as contemptible 
and not encroaching upon the territorial jurisdic- 
that which it has heretofore occupied has been 
tion of a seceding State. But the postal service 
lofty. 
cannot be so enforced. The postal service cannot 
be enforced and adequate protection given to the Now, sir, there has been no coercion attempted. 
mails without placing within the territorial juris- i On thc contrary, every pledge expressed and im- 
diction ofa seceding State the armed power of the plied, so far as this Government is concerned, 
has been (Yiven arrainst it; and advantage has been 
I speak now espöcially with ref- 
United States. 
erencc to the absence of any power to protect the taken of those pledges and of that policy to de- 
property or enforce •the laws by means of the i grade our flag, to commit acts of spoliation upon 
our to repudiatc our jurisdiction; to 
magistracy. 
The United States judges have resigned, and cnal) e the Cabinets of Europe to sit in council, 
you cannot get a jury in any of these seceding as they are sitting at this moment, not upoh the 
States that would convict a map of an offense sick man, Turkey, which they have had before 
against a jurisdiction which they repudiated. them för years; but upon the paralyzed and im- 
States, and the indictment was drawn in the State 
of Louisiana, charging that certain offenses had I Whercvcr the flag of the United States cannot go; potent. United States of America, and to determ- 
wherever the jurisdiction of the United States is Ine what they will do, and what share they will 
been committed by a citizen of that State, injur- 
I appropriate tö themselves in the diSmembérment 
ing the property of the Government of the United repelled and ihsulted; I would not trust the prop- 
If the Inoncy, If the of the Confederacy, and in the confessed arid 
States, he would very speedily find the means of crty of the United States. 
bullion in the mint at New Orleans is not safe " demonstrated inability of the-Government of 'the 
drawing a demurrer which could not be answered, 
from spoliation ; if they are willing in Louisiana Unitéd States to make its jurisdiction respectable 
and which would effectually screen any offender 
• to irnitatc the Mexican policy of spoliation upon and respected. I would-not like-to be held respons- 
who might be guilty of a crime upon the public 
ib]e as one member of this body for such a state 
propert.y, how, sir, could you intrust your mails, 
I know, sir, that we 
mails of this Government. 
with the property of your citizens, Wilh the dis- of things; if I did not excuse and palliate the for- 
can , by treaty, where we have recocrnized the inde- 
pendence of a State, provide for the security of patches of your Government, within the same bearancc of the Government, and my own silence 
to this hour, upon the hope that such forbearance, 
jurisdiction? You cannot do it. 
our mails in the jurisdiction of a foreign State. 
while it might subject uS to misconstruction else- 
I Mr. HINDMAN. Will the gentleman, 
But, Mr. Speåker, the independence of these 
where, while' it has exposed the Government to 
States has not been recognized by this Govern- the head of spo}iation, be kind enouo•h to explain 
It has not yet been recognized anywhere the recent proceeding in New York City, in which acts disrespectful of its authority, which bring pain 
to tho heart of every patriot in the land, would yet 
ment. 
the property of southern mcn was pilia«cd ? 
or by any Government. At least, it will be con- 
In that Mr. SICKLES. I have yet to learn that the lead to peace and reconciliation, and that good 
ceded that it is a question in abeyance. 
position the measure proposed is the only one arms to which the gentlema.n alludes belong to would come out of it. 
southern men. No claimant has appeared, and I Now, sir, with reference to the suggestion of 
consistent with principle. Certainly it cannot be 
the distinguished gentleman from North Caröiina 
objected to as a coercive proposition. Far from am glad to know it. Mr. T00MBs, I am reminded, 
It simply sent a telegraphic dispatch of an extraordinary deprecating the application of such a measure as 
it. As such i could not vote for it. 
character to the Mayor of New York, to which this, upon his State, his loyal, his noble, his gal- 
amounts to this: that you propose to suspend the 
operation of laws the enforcement of which is he sent a reply equallycxtraordinary. [Laughter.] II lant State, or to the State of Maryland, or any 
impossible. We propose to withdraw from the If I had been the Mayor of NC'.v York, I would other State which yet remains within the Union, 
jurisdiction of a seceding State our property, have sent a different answer to the message of 4 ! where we have courts, where we have ma- 
gistracy, where we have the means of enforcing 
wherein it is impossible to protect it. So far as Mr. Toombs, and especially in view of the men- 
this is a question to bc considered with reference acc which was at the end of it; for he told the the laws legitimately and regularly: why„sir, i 
to individual and private inconvenience, the mer- Mayor of New York that it was important, for venture t 
chants of New York will suffer, in a pecuniary New York that he should know whether the act be guilty of the offense and the insult tothe k)Y- 
alty of those States, of thinking of such a propo- 
poinl of view, one hundred fold more than the was justified. The loyalty of New York to south- 
In its application, it can only-be extended, 
sition , 
ern citizens should have been exempt from that in- 
merchants of the South'. The seceding States are 
in the nature of things, to States which have by 
indebted millions upon millions to the city of New sult. If I had been Mayor of New-York, I would, 
in the namc Of New York, have repelled it, and their own solemn act repudiated o'årjurisdidtion, 
York. A large portion of this indebtedness is 
" The authorities of New and deprived us of all possible means of protecting 
wholly unavailable. Of the bills receivable, pay- have sent this ans-wcl 
able by the seceding States, which matured in York had no information whether or not those our property except by force of arms. 
January and February, not twenty per cent. has arms were to be used in an insurrection of the Mr. BRANCH. I must have been singularly 
been paid. The balance of trade is entirely against W character which .Tohn Brown initiated, or of the unfortunate if the gentleman from New York un- 
, derstood mc as saying that I apprehended this 
the seceding States, as we all know; and this is character which t.hc State of Georgia initiated, 
