1861.• 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
759 
the application of said McCormick for the exten- 
Sion of said patent. 
The joint resolution was ordered to be en- 
and read a third time; and being en- 
grossed, it-was accordingly read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the joint resolution was passed; and 
also moved to 'lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
Ti'he latter motion was agreed to. 
SALINE LANDS IN ILLINOIS. 
Mr. LOGAN. 'l"hcre is a bill on the Calendar 
which I wish to ask the House to have put upon 
I will make a brief statement in re- 
its passacye. 
gard to it. The ordinance admitting Illinois into 
the Union provided that the saline lands in the 
pose of being leased. In 1847, Congress passed 
a law authorizing the Legislature of the Slate of 
Illinois to pass a law to seli these labds to pur- 
chasers. The Lcgislature passed such a law, 
appointinø a commission to dispose of the lands. 
The lands were sold in pursuance of this aut.hor- 
ity, and the purchasers received their decds from 
the commissioners. But, on examination of the 
records the land department, I find that there 
is no record there of the reserved lands. The 
Commissioner of the General Land Office sug- 
gested to me that the best plan was to get a bill 
assed recognizing the title of these purchasers. 
r he description of the land is set out in the bill, 
with the names of the purchasers; and the bill 
only recognizes their purchases as valid for the 
purposc or making their claim of title complete. 
The bill is recommended by the Commissioner of 
the General Land Offce. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 hope that bill be let 
lie over till have an opportunity of examining it. 
I do not 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
think there can be any objection to it. 
IVIt•. BINGHAM. 1 have no desire to delay 
its passage; but want. to examine it. 
Nic. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then 1 
pose that the bill bc considered as being before the 
have no doubt that 
House, and let it lie over. 
it is entirely right- 
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to thatcourse 
It wili be found that my state- 
being pursued. 
ment is entirely correct; and I have a letter in my 
possession from tho Commissioner of thc General 
Land Office, which I am willing to have read. 
COAST SURVEY REPORT. 
Mr. GURLEY. 1 offer the following 
tion: 
Resolved. 'Phat there be printed five thousand extra copies 
of the rcpoi•t. of t,hc Superintendent of the Coast Sttrvey föt 
the year 1860 ; three thousand of which shall be for distri- 
buti011 by the Superintendent, and two thousand copies for 
the use ot• the Inernbers of the I-louse. 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that proposition, 
The SPEAKER. hour of four o'clock 
having arrived, tho House will take a recess until 
seven o'clock, p. n). 
EVENING SESSION. 
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock, 
p. m. , (Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, in the chair 
as Speaker pro teonporc,) and continued the dis- 
cussion of the report of the select committee of 
thirty-three. 
Mr. LOGAN addressed the House for an hour. 
[His speech will be published in the Appendix. 
Mr. TI'APPAN. Mr. Speaker, as one of t e 
members of the committee of thirty-three,ljo• ed 
with the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. WASH- 
BURN] in submittincy a minority report, 
recommending the following resolution or the 
consideration of thie House: 
Resolved, 'I'llat the provisions of the Constitution are 
of all the material interests of the country ; that it needs to 
be obeyed rather than amended ; and that extrication from 
present difficulties should be looked for in efiOrts to preserve 
and protect the public property, and in the enforcement 
interests, or compronnises and concessions to unreasonable 
demands. 
And I desire now, very briefly, to submit my 
reasons why 1 could not concur in the report of 
the majority, and in support of my belief that the 
assaae of Chis resolution is all the action the 
Sir, I was one of the very few members d' this 
body who voted against the raising of this com- 
I did so, not. because I did 
mittee at the outset. 
not fully understand and appreciate the perilous 
condition of the country ; not because, at the proper 
time, I would be unwilling to make any reasona- 
ble concessions, not involving the sacrifice of prin- 
ciple, to any portion of my countrymen who might 
present grievances to be redressed; but because, 
In the first place, I believed that the appointment 
of such a committee would be the initiative step 
towards some sort of a " compromise," 
when 
any comprorn ise , under the pecuhar circumstances 
that surrounded us, would be degrading and hu- 
miliating .to the North; and, secondly, such was 
the madness that ruled the hour" irf the south- 
ern portion of' the country, I did not believe that 
any measures we should be able to pass would be 
productive of any good; and the attempt to make 
to the flame. And, as events havc rolled on, every 
ican flag, and , withjeerS at the-Governmentwhieh 
has protected them so long, hä+e declared them't 
selves out of the Union. 
Now, sir, under these circumstances, I believed, 
and I still believe,that the first question to be ås- 
certained is, whether we- have a Government or 
not? And I am for postponing all other questions 
and all other compromises" until this great and 
vital fact is ascertained. And I put it to the can- 
dor of gentlemen on the other sidc—l• ask the gen- 
tleman from Illinois [Mr. LOGAN] who has just' 
taken his seat—whether, in case they •had sub" 
ceeded in electing their candidate upon! the plat- 
form of slavery protection" in the Territories, 
and Massachusetts and New Hampshire; dissat- 
isfied with the result, had committed the same 
acts which South Carolina and Georgia have com- 
mitted—they would have made haste to get on to 
their knees with an apology; or if they would not 
rather, in the first place, have taken measures to 
ascertain whether the Government of the eoun- 
hour Ilia* only confirmed me in the correctness of I try had any binding force? If' a decent self-re- 
my convictions then. I believed then, as I believe 
now, that the furor the South had takeB the form 
of' an epidemic; and, like a raging fcvcr m the hu- 
man system, it must have itg run. In such cases, 
if the constitution of the patient is strong enough 
to grapple with tho disease, he will live; and if 
not, in spite of all the nostrums that may bc ad- 
ministered by quacks around the bedside, wili 
die. And so with this epidemic in the national 
system. If the Constitution of the country has not 
I strength enough to carry the nation through this 
crisis, no prescriptions. that this Congress can 
apply will be likely to effect a curc. 
But, sir, I have faith in the patriotism of the 
creat nna.ss, of the 15eople. I have fait.h in the Con- 
It is apparently weak now; and the 
, stitution. 
demon of a treacherous disease seems to be run- 
ning riot throughout its whole frame-work. But 
it is strong nevertheless; and in the end will put 
forth its power, and the country •vvill rise from its 
spect would have prevented them from doing this, 
I nay be pardoned for declining to do the same 
thing. 
Mr. Speaker, if this Government isa mere cob- 
web, with no power for its own preservation', it 
is utterly useless to try to tinker and patch it up 
If the Union is so utterly 
by " compromises." 
weak and helpless that thc first breath of treason 
is sufficient to destroy its vitality, it will be good 
I fot nothing aft.er ibis " saved," and thc time, spent 
in trying to save it wili be worse than thrown 
away. So believing, Mr. Speaker, I was for nar- 
rowing the issue as soon as possible to the ques- 
Lion of Union or no Union, Government or no 
Government, and ascertaining who was for the 
Government and who against It. And I solemn, y 
believe, if the entire mass of the Republican party, 
in Congress and out, had, from the start, boldly 
maintained this position, instead of fritteri1V 
away the time in feeblc attempts at 
compro- 
prostration hcaithicr and more vigorous than cvcr misincr" what cannot be compromised—in -half 
apolooiziog for having had the temerity to elect 
before. 
Mr. Speaker, if I urn mistaken in thc result that 
is now to fi.)llow from the prcecnt condition of 
I public affairs, I am sure that. I cannot be mistaken 
that such would have been the result if a square, 
bold, and manly issue had been rnade up at the 
outset for the Union and the preservation of t,hc 
Government. That portion of the American pco- 
ple who had just succceded in electing their Pres- 
)dcnt, in the mode, and forms recognized by the 
Constitution, had done nothing that required apol- 
ogy, nothing that they ought to take back. 
fi)i' one, did not go into that election to havc the 
principles for which f contended given up and 
abandoned at the first howl of those. who were 
disappointed at the result. r.Phe Republicans nom- 
inated a moderate, conservative, and honest rnan, 
and placed him upon a moderate, conservative, 
and patriotic platfhrm of principles—principles 
that embraced every portion of- the Uniön, and 
protected every material interestofthis great Con- 
tuleracy, and which in no wise conflicted with 
the fundamental law of the land. 
It *.vill scarcely be contended, even by the 
opponents of the Republican party, that there 
was no necessity for a change of administration. 
Every avenue of the Government reeked with 
fraud ; peculation and corruption prevailed in every 
department, until it culminated at last in one of 
the most stupendous ofiicial robberies that ever 
astonished the American people: all going Lo 
show that the change did not con'l(b arnoruent too 
soon. 
Other parties went into the election as well as 
the Republicans, i,vith their rctspective declarations 
of principles; and it was tile duty of every good 
citizen, of whatever party, to abide peacefully 
by the result. If the Republicans had been beaten, 
their President—we s)lould have stood stronger 
to-day; the crisis would before now havc been 
passed, aud the revolution stayed. We would, 
by that course, have presented an issue around 
which the moderate, patriotic men in tho border 
slave States—who know that tho charges against 
the Republicans of designing to interfere with any 
of their constitutional rights are false—could have 
rallied, and, standing with us on the common 
platiörrn of the Constitution and the Union, the 
flood of secession which now threatens to over- 
whelm them would have bcen rolled back. The 
eloquent and patriotic speeches of the gentleman 
from Texas, [Mr. HAMILTON, and of the gen. 
theman from Tennessee, [Mr. 'TOKES,] buta day 
or two since, and other speeches of like tone, 
II from gentlemen of the border States, unmistak-- 
ingly indicate that such would have been the case 
1 hope 
if the right stand had been taken at first. 
it is not too late now. Firmness on the part of 
the Executive, and firmness and courtlffe on the. 
part of the people of the free States, are, in my 
judgment, the best antidote for the insanity that 
prevails at the South, and the best remedy to 
f avert the horrors of a civil war. Every time the 
people of the free States have wavered; every 
time her Representatives have evinced a disposi 
tion 10 filli back onc step from their position, the 
secessionists, with fiercer yells, have ad vanc.ed 
two. And so it will be to the end. we corn. 
promise to-day, we will be required to nu-)te 
to-morrow; and when the North is sufficiently 
I humiliated, there will be no diflie,ulty, I appre- 
i bend, in reconstructin(r" the. Governinent so as 
to place it in the hands of the slave power forever. 
I Sir, I an-I for making a stand so incwhere; and I 
preför to make it before I start to pun at all. 
they would cheerfully have done so; for they are, ! i Mr. Speaker, as much as i detest the lreuson 
Union-loving, naw-abidingcitizens. But no sooner of South Carolina, is an audacity 
mode o? doing thin2s that almost compels my 
was the election of Mr. Lincoln definitely ascer- 
taiped, than the fires of revolution broke out ut respect. She does not attempt to disguise -her 
Charleston, and in other portions of the cotton long and deep-seated hatred to the Union, and slie 
States. Without just cause, without allowing time makes no scruples at turning her guns upon the 
even for parley, without waiting to see if a friendly glorious flag of her cot; ntry. Shé flings defiance 
understanding could not be brought ahout, with at us in every form. would to God that some- 
indecent haste, the disunionists of the country, it body, somewhere, who had authority to speak 
who, by théir oven confessions, have been plot* for t.he Government, would exhibit ha}fthe zeal 
ting its overthrow for the last thirty years, have for the Union that South Carolina does against it! 
But it is said that some sorb of a compromise 
ouse ought to take in regard to the present crisis seized the public property, taken possession of the 
is necessary in .)rder to keep the border slave 
depositories of the publicfunds,insulted the Amer- 
in our national aflåirs. 
