760 
States. from joining in the secession -movement,. 
Sir; if the security and prosperity these States 
now enjoy by means of the Union ; if the exposed 
position they would occupy should it be dissolved, 
and the utter ruin- and disaster which such an 
event would bring . 0.0: them, whatever might be 
its effects. in other of the, country; if the 
patriotic memories of the past; and the love of the 
Constitution:and '6 Union ax=it i"" which most 
of these States have been supposed particularly 
to.cherish ; if a better knowledge of the people of 
the free States than prevails further so_uth, and 
of the falsiw of the them ; 
if all this is not sufficient to cause •them to pause 
before they take the fatal step •which shall sever 
their connection with a Government that has cov- 
ered them with blessings, it will be in vain to 
think of placating them with any half measures 
that we can adopt. 
What guarantee have we, Mr. Speaker, that 
the border States .will be satisfied with the prop- 
ositions reported by the. majority of the commit" 
tee of thirty-three? What assurances have we 
that any terms of settlement, short of the recocr- 
nition and protection by the Gencral Government 
of slavery in the territory that we now possess or 
may hereafter acquire south of 360 30', will be 
acceptable to them? The honorable gentleman 
from Tl'ennessee, [Mr. NELSON,] whose opinions 
i greatly respect, and whose character and pa- 
triotism command my admiration, while disposed 
to kook favorably upon the proposition to amend 
the Constitution prohibiting the interference with 
slavery in the States, is opposed to admitting New 
Mexico as aState, and gives many and cogent rea- 
sons why it would not be accepted by his State, 
and showing also that it would probably be pro- 
ductive of more harm than good. 
But, Speaker, suppose that the measures 
proposed by the committee, or some others short 
of thc ultimatum laid down by the cotton States, 
of slavery protection in 
all future acquisitions, 
would be received by the border States, or most 
of them, as a final settlement of the slavery ques- 
tion: what then? The question still remains, what 
is to bc (lonc with the seceding States? The ques- 
lion still rematns, whether we have a Government 
or not, capable of *naintaining the integrity of the 
Union? The question would still press itself upon 
us, whether a single State, or half a dozen States 
combined, could, by their rebellious action, de- 
stroy the unity and nationality of the Govern- 
mer)t? And these vital questions, as I have said, 
f am for meeting in limine. Not by raising armies 
and marching them to the South, as the gentleman 
from Illinois [Mr. LOGAN] seems to suppose, to 
lay the country waste by fire and sword, in order 
them into the Union; but by firmly 
to " cocrcc 
to the Constitution of thc country, and 
enforcing obedience to the laws by all the power 
of the Government. And before I consent to con- 
cessions, cvon for the conciliation of the border 
States, I desire to know where they wilt found 
on this great question of maintaining the laws of 
the Union ? 
Sir, this country presents a most melancholy 
and humiliating spectacle before the nations of 
the earth. A great nation of thirty million peo- 
ple, ranked as one of the first-class Powers of the 
world, at the first dawn of treason in its borders 
retires ingloriously before it, and to-day is seen 
crumblimy to pieces, without an effort being made 
to maintain its integrity, or a finger raised to de- 
fend the honor of its flag. 
In all the tide of time 
the world never witnessed so cowardly an exhi- 
bition. 
Now, sir, I desire to inquire what would be the 
effect of such a policy as I have indicated? I 
would defend this capital at all hazard, and pro- 
tect the public property. I would collect the rev- 
onue in the ports of every seceding State, cither 
on the land or on the sea, or I would repeal the 
laws making them ports of entry. Does •It. follow 
that this would result in general civil war? Not 
at all. The Government would be clearly in th• 
right, and every arm raised against it would be 
clearly in tbc wrong. Every act of the Govern- 
ment would be strictly on the defensive, while 
every blow struck against it would be the act of 
an aggressor upon its rights. The Governtnent 
would be defending the priceless inheritance of 
liberty, which our fathers bequeathed to us at the 
expense of so much blood and treasure, while its 
enemies would be fighting for its overthrow, be- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 5, 
cause they have been deprived of political power 
by the constitutional fiavt of the people. The sym- 
pathies of every Government on the earth would 
be on the side of the constituted authorities of the 
United States; and the prayers of every friend of 
constitutional liberty, whether in the Old World 
or the New, would ascend to. the throne of Jeho- 
vah, that this Government, founded in the prin- 
ciples of human freedom, and the- rights of man, 
might.not be destroyed by the enemies of both. 
But, under such a policy, who are the rebels to 
fight? If they had ships, and could man them, 
they might- attack the vessels blockading their 
harbors. But the conteSt,wiil be unequal. Will 
they raise armies to invade the loyal States? This 
is an " entertainment" to which they would hardly 
invite themselves. 
Sir, 1 will indulge in no threats of what would 
be the result in such an event. 
I will make no 
boasts of the prowess of any particular section of 
the country. I dcsire to say no word that can 
exasperate or inflame, but simply to plane myself 
on the side of.my country, and the integrity of its 
Government, whose Constitution I have sworn 
to suppore I deprecate a war in which brother 
shall be arrayed agalnst brother, and kindred 
against kindred; and I pray that God may avert 
such a calamity from this. land! Nevertlreless, 
wisely, but firmly, I would have the Government 
make•a trial, at least, for its own protection, that 
it might not be a scoff and by-word among the 
nations. And then, if it shall be found to. be the 
weak and impotent thing which its enemies ima- 
gine it to be, then it will- be time enough to talk 
about " compromises," and a division of the coun- 
try into two confederacies. For one, I do not care 
to live under a Government Which is so feeble 
as to excite only the ccmtempt of • mankind, and 
which exists merely at the sufferance of those who 
may at any moment conspire for its overthrow, in 
spite of all the concessions we may now make. 
And I repeat that I desire, first, to know' whether 
we have a Government or not; whether we have 
a country to love and support. 
Mr. Speaker, I know the anxiety that is felt 
by every true friend of his country such a fear- 
ful crisis as the present. I knov.x the freling that 
is uppermost in many a patriotic heart, to try and 
do something" to avert th e great calamity wh ich 
seems impending. But what •can we do? There 
are some things that the North might do without 
dishonor. And although I cannot support the 
measures recommended by the committee, be- 
cause I think they involve a surrender of princi- 
pie; yet, if the South should tender the restora- 
tion.of the Missouri compromise simply as it was 
before 
" ruthless hands" wrenched it from its 
place, where it had given peace to the country for 
over thirty years, and the reckless repeal of which 
has been one greatc.ause of all our woes, the North, 
I think, would be bound to take it fairly into con= 
sideration. 
Much stress is laid on the personal liberty laws, 
and they are blazoned to the world as the pretended 
cause of all our diffculties; and the President 
himself, in his annual Inessage, treated them as 
the great act of wrong on the part of the North, 
justifying, i? not repealed, u dissolution of tho 
Union. And yet, when, in the committee of thirty- 
three, we first set ourselves to the task of correct- 
ing this grievance, as far as possible, we were told 
by southern gentlemen that it was useless to spend 
time on such trifling matters, and that it did not 
reach the seat of the disease. No, Mr. Speaker; 
it does not reach the seat of the disease. The seat 
of the disease is the lost prestige of political power; 
it is the lust of dominion on the part of those 
who have administered the Government so long 
that they thin•k they have an indefeasible right to 
control its destinies forever. 
A nd because the free States, in consequence of the 
thrift, enterprise, and progress which free-labor 
institutions impart to a community, have acquired 
the nu merical majority in the councils ofthe nation , 
and decline to use it to extend, " protect," fostec, 
and nationalize the system of slavery, the Union 
is to be, destroyed and the Constitution trampled 
under foot! Nor, sir, is the settlementof this ques- 
tion, so far as our present territory is concerned, of 
any particular consequence to those who have. 
precipitated this rcvolution." Days were spent 
in committee, endeavoring to contrive some way 
to settle the status of slavery in territory which we 
do not now possess ! 
And the proposition for adjustment which has 
been talked of most, and which, it is said, would 
probably be acceptable to most of the southern 
States—that of the distinguished Senator from 
Kentucky, [Mr. CRITTENDEN I—provides for the 
recognition and protection Qf slavery in all ter- 
ritory hereafter acquired" south of 360 30'. Sir, 
this a premium offered to fiilibustering, and ag- 
gressive inroads upon friendly Powers, for the 
purpose of making room " for the spread of sia- 
very. It is the adoption into the Constitution of 
the creed of the Nitra portion of the Democratic 
party, who broke up the Charleston convention 
because the dogma of " protection" to slavery 
was not inserted in the Democratic platform. It 
is the arrogant demand of the revolutionists of 
the country—who, if the conservative, Union sen- 
timent of that section could find expression, are 
in a meager minority even in the southern States 
—not only to all those who voted for Lincoln, but 
to those who voted for Douglas, and most of those 
who voted for Bell, to surrender their convictions 
and principles, on pain of breaking up the Con- 
federåcy. Sir, this will never be done; and the 
free States will never concede these terms of set- 
tlement, let the consequences be what they may. 
And I appeal to the honest masses of the Demo- 
cratic party in my own State who voted for Mr. 
Douglas, if they are willing, because their oppo- 
nents rise in treason against the Government, to 
adopt the doctrine of constitutional and legislative 
' protection to slavery" in all the Territories 
which may be hereafter acquired 
Sir, the proposition known as the " border States 
compromise, 
' which is similar to that of the gen- 
tleman from •Illinois, [Mr. KELLOGG,] if I under- 
stand it, is scarcely less objectionable. It provides 
that the. Constitution shall bo so amended that, in 
all the territory south of 360 30' , neither Congress 
nor the people of the Territory shall ever inter- 
fere with or prohibit slavery. What sort of a 
proposition is this to those who hold that the peo- 
ple shall be left " perfectly free to form and reg- 
ulate their own domestic institutions in their own 
way•?" Sir, by this measure, although nine tenths 
of the peoplc might be opposed to the introduction 
of slavery, the other tenth could force it into the 
Territory, and compel it to come into the Union 
as a slavc State. 'This is as effectually protec- 
tion to slavery" as though it were provided for in 
express terms. It is only another way of reaching 
the same result. 
Sir, the Union is dear to the people of the north- 
ern States; they would sacrifice much to preserve 
it as it is; but a Union founded on the protection 
of slavery, as its " chief corner stone," is not the 
Union for which our fathers fought, and is not 
the precious boon which they supposed they had 
transmitted to their posterity. If the only terms 
upon which the Union can be preserved are, that 
the General Government, by constitutional pro- 
vision and congressional enactment, shall, through 
all time, wherever the adventurous spirit of our 
people shall plant the American banner, be pledged 
to the protection of an institution condemned by 
the whole civilized world, outside of the slave 
States—an institution which Mr. HUNTER, in his 
speech at Charlottesville, in August last, said that 
' southern mcn themselves, with but few excep- 
tions, admitted to be a moral evil," not twenty 
years ago—then, indeed, will thc North begin to 
calculate the value" of such a Union. 
Mr. Speaker, I will consider, briefly, the par- 
ticular probositions reported by the majority of 
the committee. 
In addition to the reasons already given, I am 
opposed to the proposed amendment to the Con- 
stitutibn, providing against future amendments to 
that ins rument, touching slavery in the States, 
not becat 
I have any wish myself, or because 
I know 
a single Republican anywhere who 
wishes or believes he has any right to interfere 
with slavery in the States, but because there is no 
need of such an amendment. 
I am opposed to 
any alteration of the Constitution unless upon the 
most Urgent necessity; and then, never at the 
demand of those, or to placate those who are 
in actual rebellion against it. The Republican 
party, in their platform of principles, are solemnly 
pledged against any such interference, or the be- 
lief in any rirrht to interfere with slavery in the 
States. But fi am further opposed to the amend- 
ment, because, as has, been so well shown by the 
honorable chairman of the committee, it is morally 
