186f. 
impossible that slavery in the States should ever be 
interfered with by any amendment to the Consti- 
tution. With no more slave States than exist to- 
day, there must beforty-fwe free States before any 
such amendment can receive the sanction of three 
fourths of ail the States. And lastly, I am opposed 
to it because it gives to slavery new and additional 
•guarantees, which the illustrious framers of the 
Constitution did.not think necessary to insert in 
that instrument. They were careful to exclude 
from the Constitution the very word slave;" and 
they regarded slavery as an institution which was 
inconsistent with the great ideas upon which the 
Government was based, and which, at a period 
not very remote, would gradually be done away. 
I am therefore unwilling to go further than they 
went, in givine it constitutional sanction, espe- 
cially as the workings of the system do not par- 
ticularly commend it: to the enligh tened civilization 
and Christianity of the age. What the Constitu- 
tion gives it, I will give—no more, no less. 
Nor can I admit the force of the appeal that, 
because the people of the South have been made 
to believe the falsehoods circulated there against 
the Republican party, we must make concessions 
that otherwise would be improper, in order to 
appease their fury. Because the leaders of the 
Breckinridge Democracy have made the people of 
the South believe that Mr. Hamlin is a mulatto, 
that Lincoln is in favor of having the white peo- 
ple intermarry with the negroes, and that the Re- 
publicans are to invade their States with armies 
of " wide-awakes" and set their slaves all free, I 
shall not consent to change the fundamental law 
of the land, and thereby virtually admit the 
charges to be true. Many of the southern people 
are evidently in that condition of mind where they 
' see men as trees walking." They would not 
now believe it, even if every Republican should 
vote in favor of this proposition. I prefer to wait 
till t.he madness" passes away, and then see if 
we cannot " reason together." If that time never 
comes, it will not be my fault nor the fault of the 
Republican party. 
Sir, I cannot sympathize with the argument of 
those who attempt to draw a parallel between the 
present condition of affairs in some of the southern 
States and the revolt of the colonies a«ainst the 
Government ofGrcat Britain. I would not dignify 
the causeless rebellion which now exists among a 
portion of the slaveholding people of the country, 
so as to elevate it alongside of the great American 
Revolution, which will forever stand forth as one 
of the most sublime epochs in the history of the 
If, every time a discontented minority, 
world. 
after having participated in an election, shali re- 
fuse to acquiesce in the constitutional result, and 
threaten to pull down the pillars of the Govern- 
ment, we treat them in the samc way that Burke 
advised towards the American colonies, how long 
will it be before the great fundamental principle 
on which this Government rests, to wit, that the 
majority shan rule, would be trampked under foot 
and the Government destroyed? 
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to go into a 
detailed statement of all the reasons which oper- 
ate on my mind against the admission of New 
Mexico as a State. These are fully set forth in 
the report which I signed in conjunction with the 
gentleman fröm Wisconsin, [Mr. W nsHBURN.] 
It would be a sumcient reason for voting against 
it, that, as a measure of peace to those *for whom 
it is intended, it will fail to be satisfactory. If it 
fails to be acceptable to the gentleman from 'Ilen- 
nessee, moderate and conservative as he is, I do 
not think it will commend itself to the people of 
his State, 01' those of the other border States. 
But my chief obiection to it is, that it virtually 
surrenders (although covered up under specious 
disguises) the entire position of the Republican 
party in reference to the extension of slavery into 
free territory. When New Mexico was acquired, 
it was free territory. Since then, through influ- 
ences from this capital, and at tho instigation of 
prominent southern men, slavery has been estab- 
lished there, by the enactment ofa barbarous bode, 
disgraceful to the civilization of the age. 
Mr. OTERO. Thegentlemanfi•omNewHamp- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBØö 
Mr. OTERO. The entire eastern portion of the 
Territory of New Mexico was under the laws of 
Texas, which recognized slavery; and this Gov- 
ernment recoo•nized the authority of Texas when 
paying Texas $10,000,000 fbr the eastern portion, 
and there slavery existed. 
Mr. TAPPAN. I do not understand it to be as 
the gentleman states. I understand that the Terri- 
tory of New Mexico when we acquired it was free 
territory, and I have yet to learn that it was ever 
slave territory till, by the enactment of the slave- 
code there, it was so declared. By the organic 
act of the Territory, Congress has the reserved 
right to annul these laws, and at the last session 
a bill to that effect passed this House, but failed 
in the Senate. By now admitting her. into the 
Union, on an equal footing with the other States, 
we, in effect, approve this barbarous legislation, 
sanction the proceedings which forced slavery 
into the Territory, and bring her into the Union 
as a slave State. 
But it is said by some of those who advocate 
this measure, that it will be a free State. If this 
is so, then it is no concession to tlie slaveholdino• 
States; and it is absurd to suppose that secession 
is to be prevented by the admission of another 
free State. No; if it comes ill at all, it comes.as 
a slave State, carved out of territory that is froe 
or which it is the duty of Congress to make free. 
The same influences that established slavery there 
will also cause it to remain. It is truc there never 
may bc many slaves; but still, to all intents and 
purposes, it will be a slave State. To this I can- 
not consent; and I only reiterate thc languac•re of 
Mr. Clay, in one of the last speeches he over 
made, when I declare that no earthly power can 
compel me to vote for the extei)sion of slavery 
over territory that is now free ! ' ' 
There are other and all-sufficient reasons, •out- 
side of the slavery question, why New. Mexico 
ought not to bc admitted as a State. Her system 
of peonage, or white slavery;" the paucity of 
her white inhabitants; the mongrel character of 
the mass of her people; and their entire unfitness 
to be incorporated Into the Union, having. equal 
weight at the other end of the Capitol, and upon 
equal footing in all respects with the old States, 
are enough of themselves to deter me from voting 
for this measure. Added to this, is the fact that 
the people of New Mexico do not ask to be ad- 
mitted mto the Union as a State, but arc under- 
stood to be opposed to it. Her people have never 
paid any taxes, and it is said cannot be made to 
do so for any purpose whatever. So that if she 
is admitted into the Union, we shall be compelled 
to make appropriations to defray the expenses of 
her State government out of the national Treas- 
ury; thus forcing a slave State int.o the Union 
aoainst her will, and footing her bills after we get 
Mr. OTERO. The gentleman says that the 
people of New Mexico pay no taxes, Now, as 
Delegate from that Territory I venture to say that 
the people of the State of New Hampshirc do not 
pay to-day larger taxes than the people of New 
Mexico do. New Mexico does not owe a dollar 
of debt. She pays to thc ministers of the religion 
there—the Catholic religion—tithes amounting 
to more than the taxation of the people of New 
Hampshire. Not a single county in the Terri- 
tory is in debt. The Territory is notin debt. We 
have got no direct taxation, but '.ve have indirect 
taxation. 
Mr. TAPPAN. I do not undertake to know 
what theparticular mode of taxation in New Mex- 
ico is; but the evidence before the committee from 
intelligent gentlemen—long residents in thc Ter- 
ritory—was, that the people were averse to being 
taxed for anv purpose, and were opposed to a 
State go vernment, because they would not bc taxed 
to support it. 
And now, sir, I have said ail that I propose 
If this Union is to be 
to say on these questioffs. 
broken up, it will have been done by the fanati- 
cism of slavery propagandism, and the vaulting 
i an'lbition of political leaders, who, to do its bid- 
ding in 1854, by the breaking down of a time- 
honored compromisc, Ict loose upon the land the 
shire says that the Territory of New Mexico was fearful agitation which has rocked it, as with a 
free when it was acquired by the Government of tempest, from that hour to this. But if such is to 
future glory. If that time shall' speedily Come, 
then I' say: 
let us press 
The golden cluster on our-brave old flag 
In closer union; and, if numberingless, 
Brighter shall shine the stars that -still rcmåin." 
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not look beyond the 
present Union to see what is behind the vail that 
divides us from the future. • I have no desire. to 
do so. 
The &ate I have the honor, in part, to repre- 
sent on this floor, is small in area, but she yields 
to none in patriotic attachment to the Union and 
the Constitution; and I believe the united voice of 
herpeople, irrespective of party , is for the " Union 
as it is," and the Constitution as our fathers made 
it. While lier péople will faithfully respect all the 
righ tsguarafitiéd'by that Constitution to the people 
of the South, they will not consent to the forma- 
tion of a new Constitution, giving to slavery new 
and additional guarantees, which those. who ori- 
ginaily framed it refused to grant. 
it is a mistake to suppose that New Hampshire 
has any laws upon her statute-book which. are in 
conflict with the Constitution touching the rendi-- 
tion of fugitive slaves, But when her personal 
liberty bill was in force, if any State, feeling ag- 
grieved by such legislation, had come to her in the 
spirit of kindness and conciliation , there never has 
been a time when she would not have been metin 
a like spirit, and every grievance complained of 
would have been- cheerfully redressed. But she 
understands what is due to her own dignity, and 
will yield nothing to menaces or threats of a dis- 
solution of the Union. 
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that the people of New 
Hampshire are attached to this Union. Her patriot 
sires did much to achieve its glorious blessings; 
and their sons, not less patriotic, will peril their 
lives in its defense. New Hampshire was the 
ninth State—the låst one required to complete the 
formation of the Union, and she will be the last 
Her people un- 
to desert it: in itShour of peril. 
derstand their own duties and relations to the 
General Government, and they understand, too, 
the duties and relations of the people of her sister 
States to that, same Government. State Legisla- 
tures and conventions may rcsolve themselves out 
of the Union; but the Union nevertheless stands. 
And, even if the Union is nothing more than a 
compact between the Statcs, thc people 
of no State can be absolved from their allegiance 
to the United States until the bond of union be- 
tween them shall be dissolved by the consent of 
all the States who were ori2inally parties to the 
compact. i do not, then, misstate the sentiments 
of her people when i proclaim that, as one of the 
loyal and patriotic States of the Confederacy, 
whencvcr tho people of any other State shall, from 
whatever cause, trample down and violate the 
laws of the Union, the motto of New Hampshire 
will be, " Thc Constitution, the Union, and the 
If the maintenance of 
enforcement of the laws!" 
this doctrine shall result in strife and bloodshed, 
the responsibility must rest with those who pro- 
volccd the conflict. There can be no Union unless 
the laws of the Union are enforced. There can 
be no Government unless that Government puts 
forth efforts to have its own authority respected. 
And when the hour of trial comes, and patriotic 
hearts arc necessary to maintain and the 
integrity of the Union, the people of my gallant 
State will respond prornptly to the call of patriot- 
ism, and ,whethm• from foes without or foes within , 
will defend to the last her country's flag. They 
will, as one. man, adopt the recent language of 
one of her most gifted poets— 
By the many hopes the living cherish , 
By our faiti'k in freedom 's sacred trust ; 
By the patriot names that cannot perish ; 
By the soil Inade dear by Langdon's dust 
By the deeds of Stark, enshrined in story • 
By the voices speaking from the past; 
By our priceless heritage of glory, 
defcnd the Union to last 
But I do not apprehend any serious collision 
I (R not believe, that this land is to be drenched in 
the blood of fratricidal strife. Unless some mad 
attempt should be made upon this capital—which 
will never be yielded to the enemies of the pres- 
ent Government, let t.he cost to save or retake it 
be ever so great—I believe in the final peaceful 
I solution of all our diMculties. 
be our fate, the Government of the United States 
i deny that. 
of America " will still exist, with a territory and I will be accomplished, however, by any unmanly 
the United States. 
Mr. TAPPAN. 1 prefer not to yield the floor. 
The gentleman can reply to me if he desires to people teeming with all the elements of greatness yielding, or any humiliating concessions on either 
and of freedom, of unsurpassed progress, and of side; but from the returning reason and sense of 
do so 
