762 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 6, 
justice of the great mass of the people in the south- 
dyn States, now misguided and led astray by the 
fa\sehoods and machinations of political leaders, 
who have fomented this rebellion to subserve their 
own selfish and ambitious ends. 
Let the administration of Mr. Lincoln once come 
fairly into power; let it have an opportunity to 
develop its policy as every other Administration 
has done; let it maintain•a wise, but firm and 
cided course in the enforcement of the revenue 
laws, and the protection of the public property, 
and it will not be long before the eyes of the people 
of the seceding States will-be opened, not merely 
as to the real aims and position of the Republican 
party, but also to the ruinous policy which they 
have been made to pursue. Then will come the 
time when the conservative, patriotic men of those 
States, who are now submerged by this revolu- 
tiönary tide, can and will bc heard. And, then, 
when the olive branch shall be tendered by the 
people of the North; When the mutual misunder- 
standings are done away, the people of the South 
will return to their allegiance to the Government 
that has protected them so long and so well; peace 
and harmony will once more be restored; and the 
glorious old stars and stripes will still float in 
the breezes of heaven, the bariner of a common 
country ! 
Messrs. MOORE of Kentucky, and TRIM- 
BLE nextaddressed the Housc. [Their speeches 
will be ublished in the Appendix.] 
BUMPHREY obtained the floor; but 
yielded to 
Mr. HUTCHINS, who moved an adjourn- 
ment. 
'I'he motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at 
ten o'clock and fifteen minutes, p. m.) the House 
adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
WEDNESDAY, February 6, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rcv. Dr. GURLEY. 
T he Jo urnal of yesterday was read and approved. 
POST ROUTE BILL. 
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution 
of the House of Representatives, requesting the 
Senate to return to the I-louse the bill (H. R. No. 
714) cstablishing certain post routes, with the 
amendments of the House to certain amendments 
of the Senate to the bill; and it ',vas 
Ordered, That the Secretary be directed to return the 
Enid bill with the a:nendlncnts to the I-lousc of Represent- 
agreeably to its rcqnest. 
COUNTING or ELECTORAL VOTES. 
The VICE PRESIDENT Mr. TRUM- 
BULL teller on the part of the Senate to count the 
electoral votes for President and Vice President 
of the United States. 
A messa(re was subsequently received from the 
House of Representatives, announcing that the 
House of Reyn•esentatives had concurred in thc 
resolution reported by the joint committee ap- 
pointed to ascertail'l arid report a mode for exam- 
nning the votes for Prcsident and Vice President 
of the United States; and that it had appointed 
S. PliEL,ps, of Missouri, tellers on the part 
of the House. 
RESOLUTIONS KENTUCKY. 
Mr. FETCH. I movc that the message from 
the President of the United St.ates, communicat- 
ing resolutions of the Legislaturc of Kentucky, 
recommending the call of a convention Tor pro- 
posinsr amendments to the Constitution of the 
United States, which was yesterday laid on the 
table, be printed. 
Mr. PUGH. I wish to make a suggestion in 
that connection. As I understand, these are the 
resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky call- 
ing upon Congress, pursuant to the Constitution, 
for a general convention. 
They ought not to be 
passed o ver in •silence. 
It is a demand which is 
authorized to be made upon us; and I would sug- 
gest that the resolutions be referred to the stand- 
ing Committee on tho Judiciary, together with 
the rnessage of the President. 
Mr. FITi'CI-I. I think the reference very proper. 
They were 
laid on the table yesterday, in the 
haste proceedings, just befbre the adjourn- 
'The resolutions, with the message of the Pres- 
ident, were .referred to- the Committee on'•the Jü- I 
ernment. to any State applying enable 
diciary, and ordered to bc printed. 
said State to extinguish the title to slaves within 
its limits, by compensating the holders of such 
COLLECTION ON DUTIES. 
title, and by providing for the education of such 
Mr. COLLAMER: 1 have certain amend- 
slaves; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
ments which I have prepared to Senate bill No. 
He also presented seven petitions Df citizens of 
545, in relation to the collection of duties ron im- 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to 
ports, and for other purposes, which I desire to 
stand firm for the Union, the Constitution as it 
have printed. 
is, and the enforcement of the laws; which were 
The amendments were received informally, and 
ordered to lie on the table. 
ordered to bc printed. 
Mr: SIMMONS presented the memorial of Bar- 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 have an amendment to 
clay & Livingston and others, merchants of the 
offer to the same bill, as a substitute, which I 
city of New York, -in favor of the return of duties 
move to have printed. 
colkccted upon goods destroyed by the great fire 
The motion to print was agreed to. 
of July 19, 1845; which was referred to the Com- 
mittee on Claims. 
APPEAL IN COPYRIGHT CASES. 
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Gail 
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up 
& Ax, and others) importers and manufacturers 
for consideration the motion to reconsider the vote 
of cigars in Baltimore, Maryland, 
on the passagc of House bill No. 554, to extend 
against the duties proposed to bc imposed on 
the right of appeal from decisions of circuit courts 
cigars by tho tariff bill before Congress, and against 
to the Supreme Court of the United States. My 
a modification of the bonding warehouse system; 
object is to have it recommitted to the Committee 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
on the Judiciary, in order that the amendments 
Mr. WILKINSON presented a memorial of 
made to it may be revised. There is a difference 
the Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of an ap- 
of opinion among those members of the Housc of 
propriation för improving the Mississippi river 
Representatives who take an interest in the bill, 
from a point near the mouth of the JMinnesota 
as to the form in which it now is; and desire to 
river to Sauk Rapids; which wras referred to the 
have it recommitted to the committee. The mo- 
Committee on Commerce. 
tion to reconsider has been submitted. I move to 
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla- 
take it up, in order to recommit the bill to the 
turo of Minnesota in favor of the appointment of 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
a special mail agent for that State; which was re- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
ferrcd to the Committee on the Post Office and 
Delaware rnoves to take up the bill (H. R. No. 
Post Roads. 
554) to extend the right of appeal from decisions 
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of 
of circuit courts to the Supreme Court of the 
citizens of Freeport, Maine, praying for the adop- 
United States. A motion to reconsidOr the vote 
tion of measures of conciliation and compromise; 
passing the bill is pending. 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
The motion to take up the bill wasgt•eed to. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 present a memorial 
Mr. BAYARD. I now ask that the motion to 
of citizens of Troy, in the State of New York, 
reconsider bc adopted. 
I shall then move to re- 
praying for the speedy adoption of such measures 
commit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
as will substantially cmbracc the recommenda- 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 
tions of the Representatives of the border States, 
or: reconsidering the votc by which the bill was 
which they believe will restore tranquillity and 
peace to the country. It is very numerously 
The rnotion to reconsider was agreed to. 
signed—I believe by two or three thousand citi- 
Mr. BAYARD. 1 now move that thc bill be 
zens; and they recommend also, as a basis of setu 
recommitted to tbc Comniittcc on the Judiciary. 
tlement, the resolutions which I had the honor to 
The Inot.ion was agreed to. 
move that thc memorial lic on the 
present. 
table. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
The mot.ion was agreed to. 
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance, 
to whom werc retin•red the amendments of the Sen- 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 also presentapetition 
ate to the bill of the House (No. 866) to supply 
of citizens of the State of Massachusetts; which 
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service 
I ask may be read and laid on the table. 
of thc fiscal ycar ending June 30, 1861, and the 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
amendments of the House to the amendments of 
To the Ilonorabte the Senate and House of Representatiees 
the Senate, reported thereon. 
in Congress asscmbied : 
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend- 
The undersicned, citizens of Massachusetts and also cit- 
izens of the United States, ihithful alike to each alicgiancc, 
ments to the bill; and, 
believing that their sentiments towards the Union and to- 
On of Mr. PEARCE, it. was 
wards their conunou country havo been misropresentQd and 
Resoleed, That the Senate disagree to thc amendments 
misunderstood ; willing that all parts of the country should 
of the House of Reprcscutatives to the amendments of the 
havc their full and equal rights under the Constitution, and 
Senat.e to the bill R.. No. 866) to supply dcfieieneics in 
recognizing in the propositions of lion. J. J. CRITTENDEN, 
the appropriations for the service of Ehc fiscal year ending 
of Kentucky, a basis of settlement which the North and 
June 30, 1861, insist upon its tune ndments to the said bill, 
South may fairly and honorably accede to, and which is 
disagreed to hy the House of Representatives, and ask a 
welt calculated to restore peace to the country, respect- 
confi!rence on the disagreeint' votes of the tl.vo Houses 
fully petition that your honorable bodies may adopt the 
thereon. 
smne. 
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Vice 
• Mr. BIGLER presented a resolution adopted 
dent was authorized to appoint the committee on 
by a Union meeting of citizens of Dauphin cou nty, 
the part of the Senate; and Mr. FESSENDEN, Mr. 
Pennsylvania, held at Middletown on the 22d of 
Januaéy, 1861, in favor of the adoption of the 
GREEN, and Mr. H ARLAN, were appointed. 
compromise measures proposed by Mr. CRIT- 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
TENDEN', which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. SEWARD. the memorial of im- 
NIr. BIGLER. I also presentamemorial signed 
porting merchants, dry-goods merchajnts•, mer- 
by one hundred and six citizens of the city of Lan- 
chants in the general line of their profession, bank- 
caster, in the State of Pennsylvania, members o. 
ers and insurance companies, in the city of New 
the Union Fire Company No. I, inscribed upon 
York, protesting a«ainst abolishing or materially 
the American flag, praying for the passage of the 
modifying the warehousing system of the United 
Crittenden or Bigler resolutiori.s, or any others of 
I ask that the petition lie on the table. 
States. 
a similar import, to preserve the peace and pros- 
was so ordered. 
perity of the United States. 
It is from an asso- 
Mr. TEN EYCK presented six petitions of 
ciation existing before the Government; an asso- 
citizens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the 
ciation that has witnessed all the perils of our 
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of the 
great country. The ortyanization was formed be- 
laws; which were ordered to lie on the table. 
fore out independence, and before the Constitu- 
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens of 
tion was adopted. As requested, I ask that it bc 
Hartford, Connecticut, praying for the speedy 
read by the Secretary. 
adoption of such measures as x.vill substantially 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
embrace the recommendations of the Representa- 
To the I-Ionorab!.e the Senate an.d Ilouse of Rcprescmt,atiees 
t.ives of the border States; which was ordered to 
of the United States in Congress assembled : 
i lie on the table. 
The petition of the officers and rnembers of the Union 
Firc Coajpany, citizens of the eity of Lancaster, 
I Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of cili- 
vanin, 
(nost respectfully represents that this 
zens of Philadelphia, praying that a pro t•ata ap- , 
II iéliow-citizeno•, and where, the fiercest flankes threatened 
propriöt.ion may be made by the national Gov- 
