1861. 
ments were to be_ made by Democratic Presidents. 
I oppose it now, although I know Mr. Lincoln is 
to make the appointments. will treat him just 
exactly as I would wish to be treated if I were in 
his place, and precisely as I would wish Mr. Buch- 
anan to be treated when he occupies his position 
as the chief executive offcer of this Government. 
I.make no distinction. Let the offcers go; and 
if they violate the law, if they neglect their duty, 
if they violate the Constitution, I will hold them 
to a strict accountability; arraign thém in the 
Senate; impeach them; but to care for the patron- 
age or the selection of friends, I will not. The 
President, whoever he may bc, has a right to have 
the patronace, and he ought to have it; and this 
attempt to dodge that right of appointment by say- 
ing the people may elect these offcers—making 
an independent State which is not a member of 
the Union—I will never consent to. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have only a few words to 
say in reply to the Senator from Missouri. The 
Senator thinks I was unkind in referring to the 
unfairness of taking this bill up in my absence. 
I should not have made the reference at all, but 
for the objection that was made to the reconsid- 
eration in my presence afterwards. But I will off- 
set that unkindness against his very great polite- 
ness in assuming that I had offered an amendment, 
not for a practical purposes not to be voted upon 
by the Senate, but for efli)ct in the country. If 
he thinks there is argument or courtesy or de- 
cency in such allusions, hc is entitled to them. 
He will find that I offered it in good faith, and 
In regard to his cry of I 
wanted vote upon it. 
" humbug ! ' ' against the proposition that the peo- 
ple ofa Territory shall elect those officers which 
are territorial and not Federal in their duties, I can 
only say that it applies to his allies over there, as 
vvell as to mc; and that, in the substitute I have 
proposed, I followed the model of the first terri- 
torial bill ever passed by the Congress of the Con- 
federation. 
Now, sir, I have only another word to say on 
this question. Those boundaries, in my opinion, 
are wrong, because they divide New Mexico. 
Whether any of thc negro slaves returned by the 
census are in that part of the Territory or not, I 
do not know, nor does he; hence he cannot assert, 
with any more knowledge of the truth, that they 
are not within that part of the Territory, than I 
I do not know, nor does he. 
can that they are. 
It is slave territory by law; and then there is a 
provision in this territorial bill, that they shall 
not destroy private property. Now, sir, if the 
provision was-not intended to apply to the slavery 
question, what is it put thcrc for? The Senator 
is mistaken in supposing that there is the same 
provision in the State constitutions. T hc provis- 
ron of the State constitutions is, tl'lat private prop- 
erty shall not be taken for public uses without full 
If he wili put in that clause, he 
compensation. 
will bring it within some known principle oflegis• 
But here is a provision that private prop- 
lation. 
ertv shall not be taken for any purpose, with or 
wiihout compensation. What is it put there for ? 
The Senator from Ohio says, compromise." 
Here permit me to remark that the Senator from 
Missouri was a little unjust in saying that 1 had 
insinuated there had been a corrupt bargain and 
compromise between the two sides of the Cham- 
I made no such insinuation. The Senator 
ber. 
from Ohio said the provision in the bill was the 
commented on his state- 
ment, and declared that I had no knowledge of it 
I did not say that the compromise was 
before. 
corrupt; that it was dishonorable; that it was un- 
I did not characterize it-. He charac- 
patriotic. 
It does not strike me that a 
terized it as corrupt. 
compromise in legislation is a corrupt understand- 
ing at all; but it is very proper and very just that 
cohflicting opinio•.s should be compromised in a 
I will 
mode honorable alike to all the parties. 
enter into a compromise on any of those matters 
with men of opposite parties for the public good 
I 
and with the v mew to harmony in legislation. 
might have hestitatcd, if I had known it was the 
result ofa compromise, in procurinff a motion to 
reconsider to be made; and only referred to it 
in that light. But. I do not wish to occupy time. 
My reasons for opposing the bill are now before 
the Senate, and I leave the question to be decided 
by them. 
Mr. WADE. Ido not wish to prolong this 
I said that this bill was 
debate a moment, sir. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
705 
the result of a compromise. I undoubtedly stated 
that fact rather stronger than it really was. I sup- 
posc it is well known to the Senate and the coun- 
try that the two sides of this Chamber differ on 
It hap- 
the provisions of these territorial bills. 
pened that neither of us could organize the Ter- 
ritory upon the principles we hold; and yet it was 
very essential, as it was proved to us, that there 
should be a territorial government for the people 
of Pike's Peak. There are some thirty-four thou- 
sand people there, who have no law, no organized 
government. The different sidcs of this Chamber 
could not agree in carrying out the principles that 
they contend for. The one side intended to make 
the Territory slave territory; and the other con- 
tended that there should be a prohibition of sla- 
very in the territorial bill. Finally, we agreed 
informally; there was nothing like a compromise; 
there was no formality about it; but we talked the 
subject over, and both sides, feeling the necessity 
of having a territorial organization there, agreed 
that there should be nothing said about slavery 
in the territorial oroanization, one way or the 
other, and the bill was framed with that view. It 
conformed to the usual course of legislation upon 
this subject. So far as I know, the bill is precisely 
like all other territorial bills, with this exception: 
that it says nothing about. the institution of sla- 
very. agreed on both sides that we would 
report it, and permit it to be passed by the Senate 
in that shape. We have passed it without contro- 
versy. was very glad that one thing had passed 
here without any violent debate on this subject. 
The bill has gonc to the House of Representatives; 
and I hope they wili concur in it. 
But the Senator is now troubled with his old 
I am 
complaint. He is a great compromiser. 
not much of a compromiser; but neverthless, as 
this measure seemed so equitable, there being so 
little to be sacrificed on either side, we thought 
we might do it peaceably, without detriment, to 
anybody or any section. The Senate have agreed 
to it, and now the Senator says it is all wrong, 
because we leave the officers of the Teu•itory to 
be appointed by the President and the Senate. 
He has all nt once discovered that the people 
ought to elect all their offcers. Sir, that isa ncsv 
I can remember when he was very 
conversion. 
much opposed to that principle. -When we or- 
ganized the 'Territory of Kansas, he will find that 
his votes were every time acyainst the principle 
that the people should elect their judges, their 
I agree 
Governor, and the rest of their officers. 
that I voted then, under the circumstances, to frivc 
the people that power, for the reason that I had 
no confidence in your Executive—not a particle. 
Under like circumstances, I would do so again. 
Federal; and those only shall be appointed' by 
the- Executive- whose Federal; and not 
territorial. 
I am not Willinc" 
Thus much upon that point. 
to acknowledge that lact upon the principle—i 
never have, and never will—that I will- give pa- 
tronage to an Administration with whom- I •agree 
in politics and withhold it from 'one of an oppo- 
site party. I am surprised to find, after all that 
has been said on that side of the Chamber abOut 
their attachment to principle on theSe territörial 
bills, that it. was only'because they were out of 
power, and those principles are to be abandoned 
the moment they are in power. We are now told 
that their principles were good only while they 
were in the minority; and that when they have the 
majority, they can yield to the executive power of 
this Government to produce that resul• which it 
was necessary to have done by law under an op- 
posite Administration, Sir, desire -to deprive 
this Government of the power of havingsa:ny- Fed- 
eral policy in regard to the politics of the Terri- 
tories. I gave notice before the presidential elec- 
tion that I would conform my territorial action to 
In the Senate at the last session, 
this principle. 
and m my addresses before the people, I gave 
notice that inasmuch as the Federäl duties were 
taken from these officers, I would propose to make 
them elective by the people. I arn an advocate of 
this principle, irrespective of the success of any 
party at the election. Now we are told that one 
principle is to prevail under a Republican Admin- 
Istration, and a different one under a Democratic 
Administration. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 think, sir, the Senatorfrom 
Illinois is unjust towards us on this side of the 
Chamber in the remarks that he has just made 
I think he has no foundation upon Which to rest 
the charge that we intend to change our policy 
now that we are into power. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I thought the word of the 
Senator from Ohio was good foundation for what 
I said. He avowed it. 
Mr. WADE. I ask what that " word" of mine 
was? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. That you were In favor of 
having them c}ccted by the people, and opposed 
to executive appointments when there was a 
Democratic Administration, in which you had no 
confidence; but that you were in favor of appoint- 
ing them by the President under the Administra- 
tion of your own party, in which you had confi- 
dence. 
Mr. WADE. I snid no such thing. I said my 
former vote was founded upon' a want of confi- 
dence in that Executive. I did not say anything 
about his politics. There might be Democratic 
But having confidence now in the appointing Presidents that I would have confidence in; but 
I should scrutinize them pretty closely first. 
power in this ' rerritory, I am willing that you 
should follow the old rule according to the prece- [Laughter.] 
Mr. DOÜGLAS. That is a substantial avowal 
dents of the country at all times. If' the Senator, 
because the politics of the appointing power are that the Senator would allow an Administration 
in which he had confidence—meaning one in 
changed, has changed his principle, I havc no 
complaint to make; and if he puts it upon that whose policy he had confidence—to appoint the 
ground, have not one word to say, för I act officers; but when his own party went out of 
power, and an Administration that he had not con- 
upon that, and I avow it. 
Now, sir, I do not wish to prolong this debate. fidence in came in, then he would deprive them 
As the.Senator has waived his point of courtesy, of the power of appointing the officers. I think, 
therefore, the Senator from Massachusetts will 
I do not suppose hc wishes me to withdraw the 
call for the yeas and nays on the motion to recon- withdraw the charge that I have been unkind to 
that side of the Chamber. 
sidcr; and the onposition I rnake now— 
Mr. DOUGLÅS. willing to take the yeas Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, do not think 
I can withdraw the charge alt.ogether, although 
and na s on that as a test question. 
Mr. WADE. very well. 
If hc had not waived it is somewhat inodified. [Laughter.] But, sir, 
I wish to say for myself that I have been, and I 
the point of courtesy, I should have f('lt bound 
to withdraw the call for the yeas and nays, and now am, in favor of allowing the people of the 
permit the question to be taken on the amend- Territories to elect their own ofhccrs; and I will 
vote for such a bill whenever it is introduced into 
I have no more to say. 
ment he offered. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. i have but a word to say, this body, be tbc Administration I.)emocratic, be 
sir, in reply to the innuendo that I arn governed by it one in which have no confidence, or bc it Rc: 
party feeling in the provision that officers rnight publican, in which I have confidence. I wilk vote 
be elected by the people, instead of appointed by to diminish the patronage of the President, of the 
the Executive. 1 repel the insinuation. The rec- United States whenever I can properly do it. 
I do not see the necessity of bringino• up this 
ord will prove, clearly, that I was not. At the 
'I' his bill for the 
time to which the Senator refers, the reason f as- issuc here upon this measure. 
signed for not IYlaking the ofhccrs then elective, ! organization of the Territory of Colorado had a 
provision in it to which the Senator from Illinois 
was, that they Federal duties; that the bill, 
, called our attention. I moved to strike it out. It 
as drawn by myself, made all the officers elective 
I thought then it ought to 
whose duties were, exclusively territorial, and not was not stricken out. 
Federal. Since then the systern has been chångcd•, be out of the bill. I think so now. After the -dig- 
so as to take from those officers their Federal du- cussion then the bill went over, and it v,ras called 
ties; and I propose nowr, by amendment to up the other day and oassed during the absence 
this bill, that those omcers shall be cleeted by the i of the Senator from Illinois.• I had paid no atten- 
1 am not aware that I 
tion to his amendment. 
people whose duties in the Territories are not 
