THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. 
TIIIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 20 SESSION. 
Here we find WADE and SEWARD and Dnvrs, and 
t.be whole committee, with the exception of two, 
in favor of amending the Constitution so that the 
institution of slavery cannot be interfered with 
in the States, making that provision irrepealablc 
by any number of Statcs that may come into the 
Confederacy, Who were " allies " then ? 
But, Mr. President, recurring to what I said 
yesterday, there are two parties in this country 
that want to break up the Government. Who 
are they? The nullifiers proper of the South, the 
secessionists, or disunionists—for I use them all 
as synonymous terms. There is a portion of them 
who, per se, desire the disruption of the Govern- 
ment for purposes of their own aggrandizement. 
i do not charge upon them that they svant to 
break up the Governmentfor the purpose of affect- 
ing slavery; yet I charge that the breaking up of 
the Government would have that effect; the result 
svould be the same. Who else is for breakin(Y 
up this Government? I refer to some bad men in 
the North. There is a set of men there who arc 
called Abolitionists, and they want to break up 
the Government. They are disunionists; they are 
secessionists; they are nullifiers. Sir, the Ab- 
olitionists and the distinguished Senator from 
Mississippi and his partv both stand in the satne 
attitude, to attain the samc end, a dissolution of 
this Union; tbe one party believing that it will 
result in their os.vn aggrandizement South, and the 
other believing that it will result in the overthrow 
of the institution of slavery. Who are t.he dis- 
uniomsts of the North? Who are the " allies 5' of 
the distinguished Senator from Mississippi? We 
find that a resolution was adopted at the anniver- 
sary of the N'lassachusetts Anti-Slavery Society, 
con vened in Boston, in these words: 
" Resolved. 'That t.hc one great issue betöre the. country 
is the, dissolut.ion of the Union, in comparison with which 
ail other issues with the slave power are as dust in the bal- 
ance; theretore we give ourselves to the work of annulling 
this covenant with death, as, essential to our own inno- 
celicy, and the speedy and everlasting overthrow of the 
slave system." 
This resolution was passed by the Abolition 
anti-slavery society of Massachusetts. They 
think a dissolution of' the Union would result 
in the destruction of slavery, and absolve them 
from this " covenant with death, " and attest their 
innocency, as far as the Govern rnent is concerned. 
on that, we find that Mr. Wendell Phillips made 
the following remarks: 
entirely accord with the sentiments of that last reso- 
I think all 'tve have to do is to prepare the. public 
Inind by the daily and hourly presentation of the doctrine 
disunion. Events wilieh, fortunately för us, the Govern- 
ment it.self, and otiu•r parties, are producing with unexalll- 
pied rapidity, are otn• best aid." 
Again: in reply to a remark made by Mr. Gid- 
dings, respecting the dissolution of the Union, the 
Boston Liberator says: 
"Mr. Giddings says truly, that the dissolution ot•the Union 
has long been held up as a scare-crow by the South ; but 
xvben he adds that the friends of liberty never demanded 
it. his staternent is untrue, unless he means to confinc it 
to his political associates, who are but compromisers at 
VVe dcnnand nothing short of a dissolution, absolute 
and i:nrncdiat.c. "l'hc Union which was founded by our 
fathers, was cernented by the blood ofthe slave, and cfiOcted 
tklrougll his illilnolation." 
And still further: William Lloyd Garrison, at 
Fourth of July celebration, at Framingham, 
Massachusetts, declared: 
Lct us. then, to-day, rejecting as wild and chimera! all 
suzgestions, propositions, and contrivances for restrainina 
its present liniits, while extending constitu- 
slaverv in 
1 ionai proteeti('ll to it in fifteen of the States, register our 
pledgc anew he!hre I leaven and the world, that we '*Vill do 
what in us lies to cfi'ect the eternal overthrow of this blood- 
stained Union; that thus our enslaved countrynen Inay 
sure dciiverance, and we may no loncrcr be answer- 
find a 
able their blood." 
The Union is to be overthrown by way of get- 
ting e.}par of the " o•rcat sin •of slavery. 
J. B. Swasscy, on the satne occasion, said: 
In the oi(len times, I w•as what was called an anti- 
but, Mr. President, it has come to my mind, 
s!averv Whig; 
like a conviction, that it is utterly in vain to hope that we 
can live under such a Governrnent as this,with onr protes- 
and with our pretended love o! freedom and right. 
'i'here cannot, in the nature 
V tlkC thinz is itnpossible. 
of things, be any union between the principles of liberty 
49 
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1861. 
and slavery. There never has been any union, except by 
the subjugation of the principles of liberty to those .ot• des- 
potism. For one, sir. believe that the duty of every true 
man is to take tbc ground of secession." 
Again: Wendell Phillips, in a speech at Boston 
on the 20th of January, argued that disunion was 
desirable, because it would abolish slavery. He 
also argued that the North„would gain by dis- 
union, and used the following language: 
Sacrifice everything for the Union? God forbid! Sac- 
rifice everything to keep South Carolina in it? Rather 
build a bridge ot• gold, and pay hcr toil over it. Let her 
march off witli banners and trunupets, and we will speed the 
parting guests. Lct her not stand upon the order of her 
going, but go at once. Give her the-torts and arsenal* and 
sub-treasuries, and lend her jewcis or silver and gold, and 
Egypt will rejoice that she has departed." 
He looks upon disunion as the beginning of the 
and overthrow of the institution of 
slavery. Then, when we come to talk about "al- 
" whose allies are these gentlemen? Whose 
allies arc the Abolitionists of' the North, if they 
are not the allies of the secessionists and disun- 
ionists of the South? Are they not all laborincr 
and toiling to accmnplish the same great end, the. 
overthrow of this great, nation of ours? Their 
object is the samc. They are both employing, 
to some extent, the same means. Here IS Wen- 
here is the anti- 
dell Philips; here is Garrison; 
slavery society of Massachusetts; and all, in the 
very same point of view, thc allies of the distin- 
guished Senator from Mississippi and his coad- 
in favor of disrupting and breaking 
jutors; all 
down this Union, with the view of destroying the 
institution of slavery itself. Allies laboring to 
destroy the Government ! ' ' Who else are labor- 
ing to destroy it but the disunionists and seces- 
sionists of the South, and Garrison and Phillips, 
and the long list that micrht be enumerated at the 
North? Here they stand, presenting an unbroken 
front, to destroy this glorious Union, which was 
made by our fathers. 
Mr. President, I have alluded to this subject.of 
allies in order to show who is engnged this 
unholy and nefarious work of. breaking up this 
Union. We find first the run-mud Abolitionists 
of tbc North. They are secessionists; they are 
for disunion; they are, for dissolution. When we 
turn to the South we see the red-hot disunionisls 
1 
and secessionists engaged in the same work. 
think it comes with a very bad grac.e from them 
of others who arc try- 
to talk about the " 
ing to save the Union and preserve the Constitu- 
tion. 
I went back yesterday and showed that South 
Carolina had held this doctrine of secession at a 
very early day, a very short time after she entered 
into the Articles of Confederation, and after she had 
entered the Union by which and through which 
the independence of the country I,vas achieved. 
What else do we find at a very early day? Go 
to Massachusctt.s during the war of 1812, and 
the Hartford convention, and there you will find 
men engaged in this treasonable and unhallowed 
work. Even in 1845, Massachusetts, in mani- 
festing her great. opposition to the annexation of 
Texas to the United States, passed a resolution 
resolving herself' out of the Union. She sccedcd; 
she werit, off by her own act, because Texas was 
admitted into the Union. Thus find South 
Carolina and Massachusetts taking the lead in this 
secession movernent. We find the. Abolitionists 
proper of the North shakine the right hand of 
fellowship with the disunionigts of the South in 
breaking up the Union; avid yet we 
this work of 
hear intimations here that Senators who arc not 
secessionists from the South arc Black Republican 
If I were compelled to choose cither—I 
would not wish to bc compelled to make a choice 
—but if I were compelled to bc eithcr, having the 
privilege of choosing, I would It-Ether be a black 
f think the one is 
Republican than a red one. 
rnuch rnore tolerable than the other R If red repub- 
licavusm is ever to make its way into this courr- 
try, it is making its way in this disunion and se- 
cession naovernent that. is now going on; for we 
see that right along with the sentiment of seces- 
Everything is 
Sion the reign of terror prevails. 
NEW SERIES.....NO. 49. 
carried away by it, while the conservative men of 
the country are waiting for the excited tempest to 
pass. Itis nowsweepingoverthe country. Every- 
thing is carried by usurpation, reign of 
terror follows along in its wake. 
I am charged with being G' an ally" of the Sen- 
ator from Ohio! I, my earliest infancy, 
or from the time I first cornprehended principle, 
dox.vn to tbc prescnt time, havo always stood bat- 
tling for the same great principles that I contend 
for now! My people know me; they have tried 
me; and your little innuendoes and your little in- 
directions will not scare them, even if your infu- 
riatcd seceding southern men dare to intimate that 
I am an ally of Mr. WADE. The Senator charges 
me with being " an ally;" while he and the lead- 
crs of Abolitionism are unitinø all their energies 
to breakup this glorious Union. Ian ally! Thank 
God, I am not in alliance with Giddings, with 
Phillips, with Garrison, and the long list of those 
who are engaged in tho work of destruction, and 
in violating the, Constitution of the United States. 
So much, Mr. President, in regard to the argu- 
ment about allies. 
I am every man's ally when 
he acts upon principle. I have laid down, as the 
cardinal point in my political creed, that, in all 
questions that involve n•inciple, especially where 
t.herc was doubt, I wou d pursue prmciple; and in 
the pursuit. of a great principle I never could reach 
If, in the pursuit of princi- 
a wronc- conclusion. 
ple,in trying to reach a correct conclusion, I find 
myself by the side of another man who is pursu- 
ing the same principle, or acting upon the same 
line of policy, I extend to him my assistance, and 
I ask his in return. 
But the Senator from Mississippi, in his reply 
to me, also said: 
I was reading, a short time ago, an extract which re- 
ferred to the time '.vhen we'—J suppose it means Tennes- 
see—would take the position which it was said to be an 
absurdity iOr South Carolina to hold; and rrennessee still 
vvas put, in the same speech, in the attitude of a great ob- 
jector against the cxercise of the right of secession. 
there anything in her history which places her? Ten- 
nessee, born of secession, rockcd- in the cradle of revolu- 
tion, taking her position before she was matured, and claim- 
ing to he a State because, she had violenlly severed her con- 
neetion with North Carolina, and through an act of seces- 
Sion and revolution claimed then to be a State." 
I suppose it was thought that this would be a 
that it would be conclusive; and as Ten- 
poser; 
ncssee was " born of secession, rocked in the 
I was cstopped; that my 
cradle of revolution," 
lips were hermetically sealed, so far as related to 
anything 1 could give utterance to in opposition 
to this heresy. When we come to examine thc 
history" of that subject, we find the Senator has 
fallen into just about as great a blunder and as 
great an error as ho did in his édlusi01'i to allies. 
Tennessee had her birth not in secession—very 
far from it. The State of Frankland had itsorigin 
in that way. 'l'hey attempted to separate them- 
selves from the State of' North Carolina. ' When 
was that? In 1784. Peace was made in 1783; 
but in 1784—1 read from Wheeler's History of 
North Carolina: 
In 1784, the General Assembly, in April, at Killsboro', 
alliong other acts for the relief of the General Government, 
ceded her western land6, and authorized her delegation in 
Congrcss to execute a. deed, provided Congress would 
accept this offer within two years. 
'l'his act, patriotic and self-sacrificing, •.vas worthy of 
the State; and although not then accepted by Congress, 
was real source of the civil comrnotion which we are 
about to record." 
What was that civil commotion ? The pioneers 
of that country had suffered great hardships, and 
they viewed with suspicion this act of 1784. On 
thc 24th of August of that year, they held a con- 
vcntion at Jonesboro', and resolved to send a per- 
son to Congress to urge tho acceptance of the offer 
of North Carolina. But I will read from this 
history: 
'l'he General Assemblv of North Carolina Inet at New- 
born on tuc 22d ()etober, i 781, and repealed the act Of the 
session, in conseq uence of which the convention at 
Jonesboro' broke up in confusion." 
'I'lre spirit 01' the people was roused. On 
1784, a convention of five delegate* fföin each county 
at Jonesboro'. John Sevier was guide •presiden.t Qt• Wiis 
