1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
771 
sition she occupied before they were spoken into the language of Mr. BOYCE as an index of their 
existence. We have been told that the Union is 
feeling, I have no more doubt than I have of my 
broken up—that it is already dissolved. Why, existence that if this reign of terror subsides, and 
sir, according to the Constitution, nine States the hearts of the people of South Carolina can be 
formed the Government; and provision was made gotten at, it will be found that a majority of them 
for taking in new States. Taking in a State or I disapprove and repudiate what has been done 
taking out a State does not disturb the Union. It there. What do we find in the State of Georgia? 
was a Union before the State came in; it is a Union There the proposition was moved to submit the 
after it goes out. We got along very well before I ordinance to the people; and were the people con- 
these States came in; and where is the great injury 
now to result to Tennessee because they propose 
to go out? 
I took occasion, in my former remarks, to call 
the attention of the Senate, and of my constituents 
to the extent that I have the honor to represent 
them, to the kind of government that was likely 
to be formed by the seceding States, and the coun- 
try they rnight acquire after they did secede. In 
reiation to this, the Senator from Mississippi said: 
But the Senator found somewhere, I believe in Georgia, 
a newspaper article which suggested the advantages of a 
constitutional monarchy. Does the Senator believe there 
is any considerable nmnber of people in any ot' the States 
who favor the establishment ot•a constitutional monarchy ? ' ' 
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. IVERSON] felt 
called upon to say something in the same con- 
nection. He said: 
"As allusion has been madc by the Senator from Missis- 
sippi to an article which appeared in a paper in my own 
town, and about which a good deal of noise has been made, 
and which was referred to by the Senator from Tennessee, 
in his celebrated speech, the other day, as evidenec that 
there was a party in the South in favor of a constitutional 
monarchy"— 
He went on to state that thatidea was suggested 
in some paper, he could not exactly tell how; but 
it was not by the editor, and it did not amount to 
much. I did notrefcr to a single paper; but I made 
various extracts from newspapers and speeches, I 
simply as surface indications, as sympt01\1s of 
what lay below, and what was intended to be the 
I referred to the Charieston Mercury; I 
result. 
referred to other papers; I referred to the speeches 
of distinguished nien, some of them leaders in this 
Is it not apparent, now, that unless 
movement. 
the public rnind is aroused, unless the people are I 
put on the alert, there is a design to establish a 
government upon the principles of a close cor- 
poration? Can any one that has the least sagacity 
be so unobservant as not to see what is going on 
in the South? It i»apparent to all. They seem 
to unite in setting out with Che proposition that 
the new confederacy shall exclude every State 
which is not slaveholding, for the reason that. t.hose 
States which arc interested in slaves should have 
the exclusive control and manaøement of them. 
Here is a great family of States, some free and 
some slave, occupying, in one sense, the same 
relation to each other that individuals in the com- 
munity do to one another. The proposition is 
started to form a government of Slates exclu- 
sively interested in slaves. That excludes all the 
free States? Is the argumcnt good? Has not 
slavery been secure heretofore in the Union with 
non-s\aveholding States; and will not our geo- 
graphical and physical position be just the sanqe 
after the present Union is dissolved? Where does 
the argument carry us? We must havea confed- 
eracy now composed of slave States exclusively. 
When we have excluded the free States, and we 
come to make a new government, does not the 
same argument apply that we must have a gov- ] 
ernment to be controlled and administered by that 
description of persons among us who are exclu- 
sively interested in slaves? If you cannot trust 
a free State in the confederacy, can you trust a 
non-slaveholder in a slaveholding State to control 
the question of slavery? Where does your argu- 
ment carry you? We see where they are drift- 
ing; and, as a faithful sentinel upon the watch- 
tower, try to notify the people and sound the 
tocsin of alarm. If this idea be not carried out, 
it will be because the public feeling, the public 
opinion, is aroused against it. 
I alluded yesterday to the fact that the freemen 
of the State of South Carolina have not been per- 
rnitted to vote for a President since it was a State. 
sulted? The vote was 138 to 160, I thmk. It 
shows a great division. Did they submit it to the 
people? I know something of the people 
of the State of Georgia; and I believe this day, if 
that seceding ordinance could be submitted to the 
voting population of Georgia, and the question be 
fully canvassed and fairly understood, they would 
repudiate and put it down. Go to Florida: were 
the people consulted there? Not at all. Look to 
Alabama; look to the arouments made there in the 
convention. 
It was said, our power is ample; 
we must consummate this thing, and not let the 
people pass upon it." Louisiana refused to refer 
the matter to the people. The people have not 
been consulted. A reign of terror has been insti- 
tuted. States have been called upon to make large 
appropriations of money to buy arms and muni- 
tions of war; for what end? The idea has been: 
we can, almost with the speed of lightning, run 
States out of the Union without consulting the 
people; and then, if they dare resist, we have got 
an army, we have 00t the money to awe them 
mto submission." These gentlémen are very fear- 
ful of coercion, exceedingly alarmed at the word 
coerce;" but when you attempt to interpose and 
stop their career, they do not know of any other 
term but coerce. Look at the dispatch which 
Governor Pickens sent to Mississippi: 
CHARLESTON, January 19, 1861. 
Judge Magratli and myself have sent fönr telegraphs to 
you. Please urge Missi-„sippi to send delegates to the Mont- 
gcnnery Illeeting of States, at as early a day as possible— 
say 4th of February—to. form inuncdiately a strong provis- 
ionat gotcrnment. 
[t is the only thing to prevent war, and 
let that convention elect imnzediatcly a connnandet-in-chiet• 
for the seceding States. You Inav as well return, at least 
as far as Montgolnery. 
F. W. PICKENS. 
To Hon. A. BURT JACKSON. 
South Carolina has a tnilitavy establishment, 
l.vith officers appointed, and the taxes necessary 
to support thern now are grinding her people to 
the dust; but she expects in a very short time to 
transfer that military establislnnel')t, with her off- 
cers, to tho southern confederacy that is to be cs- 
tablished ; and I su prose. the great object in getting 
the leader appointed at once is that they Inay be 
able by military force to awe tl'ie people in sub- 
mission. Have we not seen that nine regiments 
have been authorized to be raised in Mississippi, 
and a distinguished Senator, who occupied a seat 
on this floor a short time since, made the major 
genera!? No doubt, X.vhcn the scheme is consum- 
mated and carried out, when the IY1ilitary organi- 
zation is complete, if the people offer to resist, 
they will be subdued and awed, or driven into 
submission at the point of the bayonet. Some of 
these gentry are very much afraid of the people. 
Why, sir, a proposition was even started in my 
own State, to raise fifteen regiments; for what? 
With whom are we at war? Is anybody attack- 
ine us? No. Do we want to coerce anybody? 
No. W bat do we want 'V ith fifteen reginents? 
And it was proposed to appropriate $250,000 to 
sustain them. 'l' hore is a wonderful alarn'i at the 
idea of coercin«r the seceding States; crreat, dread 
in reference to the power of this Federal Govern- 
ment to secure obedience to its laws, and espe- 
cialiy in reference to making war upon one of the I 
States; but the pul)lic property can be taken, your 
flag can be fired upon, your ships driven out of 
port, your gallant officer, with a few men, penned 
up in a little fort to subsist as best they may. So 
far as the offcer to whom I havc just alluded is I 
concerned, I will give utterance to the feelings of I 
my heart when I express profound approba- 
tion of his conduct. He was put there to defend 
metto banner substituted, because he, obeying the 
impulses of a gallant and brave heart, took choice 
of another position; acting upon principles of hu- 
mariity, not -injuring others, but seeking, to pro- 
tect his own command from being sacrificed and 
destroyed, he is condemned and repudiated, and 
his• action is sought to be converted into a menace 
of war. Has it come to this, that the Government 
of the United States cannot even takc care of its 
own property, that your vessels must bc fired 
upon, that your flag must be struck, and still you 
are alarmed at coercion: and because a gallant off- 
cer has taken possession of a fort where he cannot 
very well be coerced, a terrible cry is raised, •and 
war is to be made? 
I was speaking of the proposition to raise fifteen 
regiments in my own Slate , which has been brought 
forward. Sir, as far back as the battle of King's 
mountain, and in every war in which the rights 
of the people have been invaded, Tennessee, God 
bless her, has stood by that glorious flag, which 
was carried by Washington and followed by the 
gallant patriots and soldiers of the Revolution, 
even as the blood trickled from their feet as they 
passed over the ice and snow; and under that flag, 
not only at home, but abroad, her sons have ac- 
quited honor and distinction, in connection with 
citizens of the other States of the Union. She is 
not yet prepared to band with outlaws, and make 
war upon that flag under which she has won 
laurels. Whom are we going to fight? Who 
is invading Tennessee? Conventions are got up; 
a reign of terror is inaneurated; and if, by the in: 
flucnce of a subsidized and mend:tcious press, an 
ordinance taking the State out of the Confederacy 
can be extorted, those who make such proposi- 
lions expect to h4ve our army ready, to have 
their bands equipped, to have their pretorian di- 
visions; then they will tell the people that they 
must carry the ordinance into effect, and join a 
southern confederacy, whether they will or not; 
they shall be lashed on to the car of South Car- 
olina, who entertains no respect for them, but 
threatens their institution of slavery unless they 
comply with her terms. Will Tennessee take 
such a position as that? I cannot believe it; I 
never will believe it; and if an ordinance of seces- 
Sion should be passed by that State under these 
circumstances, and an attempt should be made to 
force the people out ofthc Union, as has been done 
in some other States, I tell the Senate and the 
American people that there are many in Tennes- 
see whose dead bodies will hav•e to be trampled 
over before it can be consummated. [Applause 
in the galleries.] The Senator from Mississippi 
refrrred to the of his country; and I will read 
what he said, so that I may not be accused of mis- 
representing him: 
It may be pardoned to me, sir, who, in my very boy- 
hood, was given to the military service, and who have fol- 
lowed that flag under tropical suns, and over northern 
snows, if I here express the deep sorrow which always 
overwhelms Ine I think of turning from the flag I 
have tbllowed so 'long, for which I have suffered in ways It 
does not become me to speak or; feeling that hencetörth it 
is not to be tbc banner will bail with the rising sun, and 
the banner which, by day and 
greet as the sun goes down ; 
by night, I arn ready to follow. But God, who knows the 
hearts of men, will judge between you and us, at whose 
door lies the responsibility o? this." 
There is no one in the United States who is 
more willing to do justice to the distinguished 
Senator from Mississippi than myself; and when 
consider his early education; when I look at his 
gallant services, findins{ him first in the military 
school of the United States, educated by his Gov- 
ernment, taught the science of war at the expense 
of his countFy—taught to love the principles of 
the Constitution; afterwards entering its service, 
fwhting beneath the stars and stripes to which he 
has so handsomely alluded, winning laurels that 
are green and imperishable, and bearing upon 
his person scars thatarc honorable; sonic of which 
have been won at home; others of which have 
been won in a foreign clime, and upon other fields— 
I would be the last man to pluck a feather from 
the flag of his country. He was there not as an his cap or a single gem from the chaplet that en- 
I-Ie„ was there in possession of the prop- circles his illustrious brow. But when I consider 
intruder. 
'There is a great terror and dread of the capacity erty owned by the United States, not to menace, his early associations; when i remember that he 
of the people to govern themselves. In South not to insult, not to violate rights, but simply to was nurtured by this Government; that he fought 
defend the flag and honor of his country, and take I for this Goverhment; that he won honors under 
Carolina, when the ordinance was passed to with- 
II 
the flag of this Government, I cannot understand 
care of the public property; and because he re- 
draw from the Union, did the con vention trust the 
how he can be to hail anothcr banner* and 
tired fronl a position where he could have been 
judgment upon it? MT ere 
people to pass their 
they consulted? Did ihcy indorse it? Have they captured, where the American flag could have bccn desert the one of his country, under which hé 
passed their judgment upon it to this day? Taking struck and made to trail in the dust, and the Pal- won laurels and received honors. This isa m.atter 
