1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
773 
The PRESID{NG OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to proceed to the consideration 
of executive busincss. 
r i'hc motion was not agreed to; there being, on 
a division—ayes 15, noes 21. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President— 
Mr. SIMMONS. I would like the Senator 
from Texas to permit me to fix some day for the 
consideration of the tariff bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Texas give way to the Senator frorn 
Rhode Island ? 
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of 
my friend from Texas, (as it is now four o 'clock , ) 
1 move that the Senate adjourn, and this question 
will come up as unfinished business to-morrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 1 understand 
the Senator from Texas to yield to that motion. 
Mr. WIGFALL. no preference about 
i desire to answer the speech that has been 
it. 
I should 
made by the Senator from Tennessee. 
as soon do it now as to-morrow. It is a matter 
of no sort of consequence to me when I speak. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw the motion. 
Mr. SIMMONS. As the Senator from Texas 
does not seem to bc quite ready, I should like to 
have leave, while he IS looking up his papers, to 
I should 
have an assignment made of this bill. 
like to make my rnotion if he is not quite ready. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen- 
ator from Texas give way to thc Senator from 
Rhode Island ? 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am sure the Senator 
from Texas did not hear the Senator from Rhode 
Island. 
Mr. WIGFALL. No, 1 did not; butl do not 
yield the floor. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. He only wants to assign 
a bill for to-morrow. 
Mr. G NV IN. The Senator from Texas does 
not lose the floor by it. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 will yield for him to make 
the rnotion, if I do not Iosc the floor. 
Mr. SIMMONS. that the bill which 
was assigned for to-day at onc o'clock, be assigned 
for to-morrow at one o'clock. 
Mr. PUGH. 1 object. That bill remains the 
special order after t.h1S. 
Mr. G WIN. It goes over of course. 
Mr. SIMMONS: make the motion. 
not suppose a single objection prevents it from 
being put. 
Mr. PUGH.' Ifthe Senator from Texas yields 
the floor, I shall movc to adjourn; if not, let him 
proceed. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I-le yielded the floor to me, 
I move to assio•n t hc 
not to you. [Laughter.] 
bill for the collcction of revenues, and make it the 
spccial order for to-morrow at one o'clock. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
another matter before the Senate— 
Mr. P U GI-I, I-low does hc get it in? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot get 
in, there being another matter before Senate, and 
objection being made. 
1 
Mr. CAMERON. Allow an instant. 
think the Senator from Texas will give way for a 
minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Texas give way to the Senator from 
Pen neyl vania ? 
Mr. WIGFALL. way to anybody 
if gentlemen will just got through with what they 
want, and then let me alone. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 see that it is late. ["Oh, 
It is strange that a 
no. Let me get through. 
man cannot say a wöi•d, without his friends all 
I desire to 
advising him to a particular course. 
move, in order that we shall got along smoothly 
and cosily, that we now go into executive session, 
and finish up sonle business all-important to be 
done there, and allow thc Senator from Texas to 
go on to-morrow, in the morning hour, and then 
take up these important bills. I move that the 
Senate go into executive session. 
Mr. WIGFALL. It is understood that 1 have 
the floor for to-morrow, if this motion prevails? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Of 
have the floor. 
The question being put on Mr. CAMERON'S mo- 
tion, there were, on a division—ayes 22, noes 20. 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi- 
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors 
were reopened, and thc Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, February 6, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.' Prayer 
bv the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT. 
The SPEAKER laid before t.hc House 
lowing message from the President of the United 
States: 
"1b the Senate and Ilousc of Representatives .• 
I have received fron-r thi Governor of Kentucky certain 
resolutions adopted by the General Assembly of that Com- 
monwealth, containing an application to Congress for the 
call of a convention tor proposing amendments to the Con- 
stitution of the United States, with a request that i should 
It affords 
immediately place the samo bettn•c that body. 
me great satisfaction to pertörrn this duty; and I feel quite 
confident that Congress will bestow upon thcse resolutions 
the careful consideration to which they arc eminently en- 
titled, on account of the distinguished and patriotic source 
frmn which they proceed, as well as the great ilnportance 
of the subject which they involve. 
JAMES BUCHANAN. 
WASHINGTON, February 5, 1861. 
The mcsstvc and accompanying resolutions 
wcrc referred to the select committee of five, and 
ordered to be printed. 
ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT. 
The SPEAKER before the House a 
communication from the Secretary of War, in- 
closinrr an eslinxttte from the chief of ordnance for 
two important items omitted from the lustannual 
estimates of the Department; which was referred 
to the Committcc of and Means, and or- 
dered to bo printed. 
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO. 
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a 
communication from the acting Secretary of the 
Interior, transmitting a letter from the surveyor 
general of Ncw Mexico in relation to the num- 
bering of certain private land claims in thfit, Ter- 
ritory•, also, a communication from the same 
source, transmitting documents in the Now Mex- 
ican private land claim of the heirs of Louis Ma- 
ria C. de Baca. 
The comununications were referred to thc Com- 
mittec on Private Land Claims, and ordered to 
be printed. 
CONDITION OF COUNTRY. 
Mr. NIXON. House 
to present a memorial, signed by onc thousand 
five hundred citizens of Camden, city and county, 
without distinction of party, asking for the pas- 
sage of the Crittenden resolutions, or any other 
constitutional adjustment of the present troubles 
of tho country. I a satisfied that a large ma- 
jority of the people of the first congressional dis- 
trict of New Jcrscy are in favor of some reason- 
I able adjustment by Congress of the difficulties 
which dividc and distract the country. 
The memorial was laid upon the table. 
MEMORIALS NRO)I UTAII. 
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sentQd the memorial of the Governor and Legis- 
lature of Utah Territory praying for the construe- 
tion of a railroad from some point on the Missouri 
river to Sacramento, California, via either the Box 
Elder or Lodge Pole creek pass, in the Black hills, 
Bridges pass, in the Rocky Mountains, Tempan- 
ogos or Provo river, and the most practicable pass 
in the Sierra Nevada mountains; and 
The memorial of t hc Governor and Legislative 
Assembly of Utah Territory praying for a fur- 
ther appropriation of $3,000 to the Utah library. 
The memorials were • severally referred to the 
Committee on Territories. 
CIIENERY. 
Mr. BURCH. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to discharge the Committee of the 
Whole House from the further consideration of I 
I-louse bill No. 171, for the Che- 
nery. 
The bill was read. It appropriates, for the 
purpose of paying the claim of Richard Chenery, 
of California, for furnishing and dclivcrinff, ac- 
cording to contract, to George P. Armstromr, 
temporary Indian arrent for the tribes of indittllB 
on Russian river and at Clear lake, (as per Arm- 
strong's receipts, dated March23, and May 23, 
1852,) one hundred thousand pounds 'Of béef, at 
eight cents per pound, as set forth in the ceFtifi- 
cate of R. McKee, United States Indian agent 
and disbursing agent for California. The arhount 
is to be paid by the Secretary of the-Treasury to 
Richard Chenery, or to his iegally- authorized 
agent or assignee, upon receiving a full acquit- 
tance therefor, signed by Chenery, his agent or 
assignee. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 must for the regular 
order of business. 
Mr. BURCH. There can be no objection to 
this bill; and I hope it will be passed. 
Mr. SHERMAN. There IS no reason why 
this bill should be taken up to the exclusion of 
everything else. I think the important public 
business of the country should •be-acted on first. 
RESOLUTIONS—AGAIN. 
Mr. GROW. I move to reconsider the rcfet•- 
enco of the resolutions of tho Utah Legislature in 
favor of a Pacific railroad. The Committee on 
Territories has nothing to do with them. They 
should go to the committee on the Pacific railroad. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 think they had bettor go to 
the Committee, on Territories. 
Mr. GROW. well, let them be referred to the 
Committee on Public Lands. 
They were so referred. 
RESOLUTIONS OF MINNESOTA LEGISLATURE. 
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the 
State of Minnesota in regard to a Pacific railroad ; 
which were laid on the table, and ordercd to be 
printed. 
DESTITUTION IN KANSAS. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the regular order 
of business. 
Mr. WELLS. If the gentleman from Ohio will 
listen to me for a moment, I think he will yield 
to me. I desire to offer a joint resolution for the 
consideration of the House, in regard to the con- 
dition of the people of Kansas. A groat public 
calamity now hangs over the people of that new 
State, and I think it is a matter which calls for 
consideration by Congress. I ask that the reso- 
lution which I propose may be considered by the 
House. 
Mr. PHELPS. I object. Let us proceed with 
the regular order of business. 
LOAN BILL. 
Tho SPEAKER. The regular order of busi- 
ness is the consideration of the Senate am-end- 
ments to thc act (H. R. 972) authorizing a loan. 
First amendment of the Senate: 
After the. word such" insert the word loan so that 
it wilk rcad, that sealed proposals for such loan," ec. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 suppose there is no objec- 
tion to that amendment. Let the question be taken 
I desire to say something on the second 
upon it. 
amendment. 
'I"he question was taken; and the first amend- 
mcnt was concurred in. 
Second amendment of the Senate: 
At the cod of t.he bill, add the following new section : 
SEC. 5. .Hnd. be it further enacted, That the aet of June 
22, 1860, entitled " An act authorizing a loan and prov:ding 
för the redemption of notes " bc, and the same is hereby, 
rcpcalcd. 
Mr. PHELPS. I hopc the House vy'ill concur 
in this amendment of the Senate. When this bill 
was under consideration in the House last week, 
I contended that it was the true policy of the 
Government to exhaust the rcsidue of the loan 
authorized by the act of 22d June last, before we 
authorized a new loan to be made. 
I desired to 
have the third section of that law so modified that 
the Secretary of the Treasury might accept the 
best proposals that should be made •by capitalists 
of the country for so much moncy as might be 
needed to defray the current expenses of the Gov- 
ernment. The House did not, however, agree 
in the. views which I entertained; and instead of 
exhausting the old loan, which authorizes the 
Secretary of the Treasury to obtain nearly four- 
teen milfion dollars, the House orders anew loan 
of $25,000,000 to bc negotiated. The condition 
of the t-rreasury, and the condition of the public 
credit of the country, should admonish us that 
we sllou]d proceed with caution in authorizinm a 
