debt to be contracted. At this moment, the out- money market, admonish me to authorize no I 
larger loan than is absolutely necessary to defray 
standing debt of the United States is #69,373,000; 
comprising the loans authorized by the acts of the current expenses of the Government. 
Tl-1Fu CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
1842, 1846, 1847, 1848, 1858, and 1860, the Texas Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment of. 
February 69 
indemnity loan of 1850, together with the out- 
standing Treasury notes authorized by several 
acts. Here is a tabular statement showing the 
debt of the *Government: 
00 
o 
GO 00 cg m 
6 
o 
c 
oo 
oc'o ee 
cru cn cc 
Then the existing debt of the United States is 
nearly seventy million dollars. The #10,000,000 
Treasuu•y notes recently issucd were negotiated, 
a portion at twelve per cent. , and a portion at bc- 
tween ten and eleven. Your ten per cent. Treas- 
ury notes are sold in the rnarket of York 
below par; and if you authorize new loans that 
are not absolutely necessary, you cannot neoo- 
i have made 
tiate them except at ruinous rates. 
a computation of the actual debt created and pro- 
posed to be created by this Congress. The bal- 
ance. of tho loan authorized under act of 22d June, 
1860, is $13,978,000. the amendment of the 
Senate be concurred in, that loan cannot be netyo- 
I am in favor of that amendment. 
tiated . 
tariff bill, which will probably become a law, 
authorizes thc loan of The Pacific 
railroad bill as it i)nssed the Illousc authorized 
an indebtedness of and the Senate 
has put on an additionai $25,000,000. In other 
words, the proposed indebtedness of the country is 
$167,000,000; making, with the present. public debt 
and the loan already authorized, an aggregate of 
$250,351,649. With such indebtedness, hdw can 
you expect to raise a loan on favorable terms? 
I hope this amendment of the Senate will be con- 
curred in. The Government will then be enabled 
to raise the loan of $25,000,000 authorized in this 
bill, and authorized in the tariff act. i 
The Secretary of the Treasury has told you that 
he will need $25,000,000 between the date of his 
communication and the 1st of July next, in addi 
the Senate will not be concurred in; and if I can 
have the attention of the House for two minutes, 
I think I can crivc ample reasons why it should 
not be concurred in. 
The gentleman from Missouri seems to be in 
very much the condition of his party; for this 
seems to be, on his part, to some extent, a party 
measure. Let us look at the result of the course 
hc asks this House to take. He seems to be will- 
ing to throw upon the incoming Administration 
all the indebtedness incurred bv this, if possible. 
Now, all I ask IS, that this Administration shall 
pay off its own debts or provide for the payment 
of them, and not throw thém over upon the in- 
I do believe that, under 
coming Administration. 
the tariff act now pending in the other branch of 
I Congress, if it shall become a law, the revenues 
of this Government will be suffcient to meet the 
expenses of the Government under the incoming 
I believe that it is the duty of 
Administration. 
that Administration to reduce the expenses of the 
Government to the standard of the rcvenucs of the 
Government. Now, what is the condition of the 
Treasury at this time? The Secretary of the 
Treasury says he shall need a loan of $25,000,000 
to meet the expenses of the Government up. to the 
1st of Jul v next. This bill provides a loan to that 
amount to pay off the debts of the prcscnt Admin- 
istration up to that time. Then, in addition to 
that, there is another debt to pay. This Admin- 
istration, in December last, issued $10,000,000 of 
Treasury notes, at twelve pcr cent. Those notes 
are due next December. For the redemption of 
those Treasury notes the remaining portion of the 
loan of June last was specifically pledged. Yet 
the gentleman from Missouri now proposes to re- 
peal that loan of June last, in express violation of 
the law of Doce2übcr last; and in pursuance of 
which, the fåith of the Government was directly 
pledged to apply that loan to the redemption of 
Treasury notes, Icavino• no means for the retire- 
ment of the Treasury notes of last December. 
Now, that is Illc condition in which the matter 
If the tu•nendkncnt of the Senate be con- 
stands. 
Decernber next, when the 
currcd h') , 
flh•casury notes become due, there 
wili be no means provided whatever for the retire- 
ment of those Treasury notes. They will go on 
bearing interest at the rate of twelve per cent. , 
thus disgracing the Government. No Govern- 
ment, and indeed no individual, can afford to pay 
twelve per cent. interest for any length of time 
The effect of the course the gentleman from Mis- 
souri asks us to pursue is to throw the burden of 
providing the means for the payment of these 
ih•easury notes, when they become due, on the 
incoming Administration. You Icavc the incom- 
ing Administration not only with the responsibil- 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do hope gentlelnen on 
both sides of the House will permit us to make 
provision. for paying the debts of the present 
Administration, and not saddle those debts upon 
the incoming Administration. I repeat, that the 
$25,000,000 loan provided for in this bill is re- 
quired to pay the debts of the Government up to 
July next; and that, if this amendment of thc Sen- 
ate is concurred in, there will still remain the sum 
of $10,000,000 of outstanding Treasury not.cs for 
which no provision will havc been made. We ask 
for nothing more than that this Administration 
should make provision for the settlement of its 
own accounts; and it seems to me that nothing 
less than that should be granted. 
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ohio 
marks that I am unwilling to provide the means 
for the payment of the debts of the present Ad- 
ministration. In this he is mistaken. The gentle- 
man states correctly that this loan of 
will be suffcient to defray the expenses of the 
Government until thc 30th day of June next. The 
$21,000,000 loan bill attached to the tariff bill now 
pending in the Senate, will then be sufficient not 
only to redeem the $10,000,000 of outstanding 
Treasury notes, but to meet any of the ordinary 
wants of the Government in addition. Under the 
existing law, all outstanding Treasury notes arc 
redeemable out of any of the moncy in the Treas- 
ury not otherwise. appropriated. The loan bill 
attached to the tariff bill will therefore bc appli- 
cable to the redemption of any outstanding Treas- 
ury notes, or for the payment of any debts of the 
present Administration which may remairl un- 
paid. The Housc will therefore understand that 
the incoming Administration, instead of havin& 
the debts of the present Administration to make 
provision for, will have from five to fifteen million 
dollars provided for the payment of their own ex- 
penses, after the commencement of the next fiscal 
year. Why, sir, I again call the attention of the 
House to the enormous sum thc chairman of the 
Committee of Ways and Means wants to throw 
upon the credit of the Government. He wants 
$25,000,000 to meet the expenses of the public 
service up to July next. He wants $21,000,000 
to be raised after the cornmencement of the next 
fiscal year; making a sum of $46,000,000. He 
then wants the remainder of the loan of Juno last, 
amounting to #14,000,000, to be rendered avail- 
able; making an aggregate sum of #60,000,000 of 
indebtedness, which the present and incoming Ad- 
ministration will be authorized to incur. 
to diminish that amount by $14,000,000, still leav- 
in(F morc than enough to disembarrass tho incom- 
ino Administration from any debts of the present 
one; and it is for this reason that advocate thc 
adoption of the amendment of the Scnatc. 
Now, sir, I take the gentleman from Ohio on 
that the present pending 
his own declaration, 
tariff bill will provide revenue from the customs 
suffteiont to meet all the wants of tho Government 
ity of' providing the rneans of paying its current for its current expenses. There will then re- 
expenses, but with the payment of $10,000,000 of main, for the •incommg Administration, a loan of 
$21,000,000, available after the 30th day of Junc 
tho debts of the present Administration. 
next, against the of outstanding Treas- 
But, sir, the gentleman refers to the Pacific rail'- 
road bill. Ido not know whether that bill will pass I ury not.es redeemable in December next. 
or not; but the gentleman knows very wcll that if 
it does pass, no money will have to be paid under 
it probably for years to come. No money can bc 
paid or liabilities incurred until fifty miles of the 
road shall have been completed. 
T hc gentleman also talks about the tariff bill. 
Wcll, sir, if the tariff bill passes, I believe revenue 
enough will be raised under it to defray the ordi- 
nary expenses of the Government. The loan bill 
- attached to that bill is only intended to provide 
tion to the current revenues of the country. But for some unforeseen emergency—a contingency 
I hope that no future Ad- 
if the political troubles of the country shall be that may not happen. 
adjusted before the close of this session of Con- I ministration will be found coming here, session 
gress. and•if the operation of the new tariff* bill , after session, asking for a loan to mcct the ordi- 
nary expenses of the Government. I hope the in- 
will increase the revenue by $8,000,000, as pre- 
dicted by its friends, then we will not want to coming Administration will conform its expenses 
authorize so large an indebtedness as is now pro- to the revenues raised from the ordinary sources. 
If the revenues shall fan short, and be even re- 
I felt it my duty to present these facts to the duced to less than the amount now realized, it will 
be the duty of the incorning Administration to re- 
House, for I was informed that there was a desire 
I hope that in 
to prevent the adoption of this amendment of the duce the expenses to that extent. 
future no Administration will allow the expenses 
If I had been informed that the gentle- 
Senate. 
men on the other side of the House would have of the Government in time of peace to exceed the 
amount of the revenue from the ordinary sources. 
assented to this amendment, I should have for- 
borne any expression of 11) y opinions, or the The expenditures should, if practicable, be arbi- 
trarily reduced , unless in the contingency of war, 
recital of the indebtedness of the Government. 
These considerations, and the condition of the II to the standard of the revenues collected. 
i say then, when we are going into the money 
market, which is now strin«yent, and when apprc 
hensions are entertained on the part of capitalists 
that the existing political disturbances may not 
be adjusted, we ought to call for the smallest sum 
If bidders propose to take this loan at 
possible. 
ninety cents, we are compelled to award it to them; 
and if they bid only eighty cents on the dollar, 
we arc still compelled to award it to them, or let 
the creditors of the Government suffer. I think 
that the better way would have been to issue 
was willing, how- 
additional Treasury notes. 
cvcr, that the $14,000,000 loan should stand upon 
the statutc-book , and notauthorize the $25,000 , 000 
loan ; and then thc Secretary of the Treasury would 
have negotiated it upon the best terms which he 
could obtain. If an adjustment of our troubles 
shall be made during this session of Congress, the 
money market will be relieved from the existing 
stringency, and a loan might be secured at. six or 
seven per cent. , with ten or twenty years to ran. 
desire, Mr. Speaker, to protect and preserve 
I have, during •this session, as 
the public credit. 
1 have during all preceding ones of my service 
here, endeavored to study economy in the expmnd- 
itures Qf thc Government. I have always opposed 
• extravacranc appropriations, and souo•i-nt to place 
