1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
775 
art, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, 
the Government upon the shortestallowanc,e neces- 
sary to carry it on with honor and credit. My 
opposition now is not because of thc incoming of 
a ncw Administration of different politics from 
mine, but because of the condition of' the Treas- 
ury at this time. Our finances admonish us, sir, 
to pursue the course of caution and economy. At 
all events, the conviction of my judgment has 
prompted me to the course I have pursued. It is 
my pleasure to acknowledge that the gentleman 
from Ohio [Mr. SHERMAN] has been a colaborer 
of mine in the Committee of Ways and Mcans, 
-as well as he has generally been in this House, 
for the reduction of the expenditures of the Gov- 
crnment, and the defeat of all extravagant and 
unnecessary appropriations. 
1 have made these remarks because tho gentle- 
man from Ohio, unintentionally I have no doubt, 
represented me as unwilling to provide for pav- 
ing the indebtedness of the present Administra- 
tion. For that indebtedness, I think that have 
fully shown ample provision has already been 
1 lefcr to the $21,000,000 loan provided 
made. 
for in the tariff bilk, which bill 'xvill undoubtedly 
pass during this session. 
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Mis- 
-souri refers 'to the lariff bill, as containing a loan. 
The first reply to that is a reference to the language 
of the law itself. By the very terms of that tariff 
bill, the money to be, raised under it cannot be 
appEied to a redemption of 'ih•easury notes. 
the contrary, it is specifically provided that the 
'loan shall be devoted to the meeting of any de- 
ficiency in the current revcnues of tl)C Govern- 
It is true that that may bc changed. In 
menl. 
the next place, if wo should only givc place to 
ono •loan by another, we might reduce thc 
loan provided in the tariff bill to 
Mr. PHELPS. Then the gentleman admits 
that he anticipates a deficicncy of 
under the tariff bill ? 
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not anticipate any 
such deficiency; but i do say that it is Wisc to 
nrovidc against•any contingency which may arise. 
{l'he surn sve have here to do is not beyond the 
capacity of the youngest boy in an arit.htnetic class. 
Hero, we have a debt of and how are 
we going to pay it? You have $10,000,000 of 
Treasury notes, bearing twelve per cent. interest 
which arc due next December. How are you 
going to pay trhcm? My friend from Missouri 
(Mrl says, by the loan in thc tariff bill. 
But there is already a loan bill upon our statute- 
books under ••,vhich these Treasury notes can be 
withdrawn when they become due. Why, then, 
repeal one law to give place to another, unless 
it bc to show that the new Administration have 
borrowed $21,000,000 to pay the liabilities of the 
Governrnent? I say to you, gentlemerl on the other 
side, pay your own liabilities, or pleduo the Gov- 
ernment credit for enough money i')ay them. 
trust that the incoming Administration wiH not 
come into this Hou.se and ask, yca'r after year, 
I call for the 
loan bills to pay current expenses. 
previous question on the amendment. 
r I'he previous question was seconded; and tho 
main question ordered. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 demand the yeas and nays 
on •concurrintr in the amendment of the Senate. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 59, nays 101; as follows: 
Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Barr, Bar- 
ret, Botcher, Bouligny, Brabson, Branch, Bristow, Brown, 
Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Jot") Cochrane, Co.x, James 
Craig. Burton Craige, John G. Davis, De Jarnette, Edinund • 
son, English, Etheridge, Fouke, Gilmer, John T. Harris, 
Ilollnan, 'William Howard, Kunkel, Larrabee, Jaines M. 
Leach, Logan, Mallory, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, Mc- 
Clernan<i, MeKenty, Millson, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, 
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Quartes, James C. Rob- 
i_nson, Ruftin, Scott, Sickles, Stunns,William N. 11. Sill ith, 
Stokes, r.i'hcnnas, Vance, Webster, White- 
leve Woodson, and 
•N A Y Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
Ailey, Williatn C. Anderson. Ashley, Babbitt, 
Eeaie. Biblgh•am, B}air, B ray ton, Briuus, Bulhntou, Burn- 
hatli. Bu'oterfield, Catnpbcn. Carcy, Carter. Case, Coburn, 
[)uell, I)unn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Fenton, 
Ferry, Foster, Gooch, Grahaan, G roiv, Gurley, I-lale, Has- 
iVil\iam A- floward, }hnnphrey, U utchins, 
Prancis VV. Kellogg, Kenyon, Killib)aer, 
Irvine. unkin, 
Longneclcer, Lovejoy, Marston, 
Kean. McKnight. NfcPherson, Millward, Mont.g€nncrv, 
Mc;rriii, Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Pahner, Perry, 
Pettit, l'orter, Potter, Pottlc, Edwin R. Rey-unti_lss 
Spaulding, Spi12!ter, Stanton, Stevens, Wii!iam Stew. 
dom, and Woodruff—IOI. 
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con- 
curred in. 
During the vote, 
Mr. FRANK said: Mr. Speaker, I am paired 
on this question with Mr. GARNETT, of Virginia, 
who has been suddenly called away by the death 
of a relative. 
IVIu•. FLORENCE (not being within the bar 
when his name was called) asked' leave to vote. 
Objcctiop was made. 
Mr. FLORENCE would have voted in the 
nemcttivc. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved reconsider the vote 
by which the amendment of the Senate was non- 
concurred in; and also moved that the motion to 
reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ENROLLED BILLS. 
Mr. BLAKE, from the Committee on Enrolled 
Bills, reported that they had examined and found 
truly enrolled bills of (he following titles: 
An act (H. R. No. 341) for the rclief of Moses 
Mecker•, and 
A1) act (I-I. R. No. 181) to provide for a super- 
intendent of Indian affairs for Washington Ter- 
ritory and additional Indian asrents; when the 
Speaker signed the saine. 
MESSAGE FROM TIIF„ SENATE. 
A messagc was received from the Senate by 
Mr. PATTON, onc of its clerks, 
House that that body returned House bill No. 
714, in accordance with the request of the House, 
for the correction of a clerical error; and also that 
it had ordered the printing of certain documents. 
ILLINOIS SALINE LANDS. 
T hc SPEAKER stated the next question in 
order to be the consideration of I-louse bill No. 
975, for the confirmation of title to salinc lands in 
Jackson county, in the State of Illinois, to D. H. 
Brush and others. 
N:lr. LOGAN. I move that the bill be now put 
on its passage. will saya word in explanation 
before any vote is taken on the bill. The ordi- 
nanco admitting Illinois into the Union provided 
that the saline lands in the State should be reserved 
to the State for the purpose of being leased. In 
1847, Congress passed a law authorizing the Lc- 
gislature of the State of Illinois to pass a law to 
The Legislature 
sell these lands to purchascrs. 
passed such a law, appointiug a commission to 
disposc of the lands. The lands were sold in 
pursuance of this authority, and the purchasers 
received their decds from the commissioners. But, 
on exan'lination of the records in the land depart- 
ment, i find that thcrc is no record there of the 
reserved lands. The Commissioner of the Gen- 
eral Land Oflicc suqrgested to me that the best 
plan was to get a bill passed recognizing the title 
rl'he description of the land 
of these purcllasers. 
is set out in the bill, with the namcs of thc pur- 
chasers; and tho bill only recocrnizcs their pur- 
chases as valid, for the purpose of making their 
claim of title complete. The bill is recommended 
by the Conn-nissioncr of the General Land Ofiice. 
These are thc facts. Thc bill is a meritorious 
It will save 
one, and I hopc it will be passed. 
much unnecessary litigation. 
Mr. BINGHAM. Is the bill confined to the 
lands which have already been sold? 
Mr. LOGAN. It is. The lands have been sold, 
and the nmnes of the purchasers are in the bill. 
The bili was then ordered to be encrossed and 
read a third time; and boing engrossed, it was 
accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. LOGAN moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
POSTAL SERVICE. 
Mr. COLFAX. I now withdraw my motion 
to recommit House bilt No. 95(), in regard to the 
postal service, and offer a substitute tor the bill, 
I desire to say 
which send to the Cicrk's desk. 
seceded from the Union—an inference which the 
committee did not desire to have drawn—they 
have thought proper to authorize me to report a 
more general provision , covering the same ground , 
which will last till, and be as applicable to, the 
year 1900, as well as to the vear 1861. 
The substitute was read, is' follows: 
Strike out the preamble and all after the etwcting cluuse, 
and insert : 
'l'hat whenever in the opinion of the Postmaster General 
the postal service cannot be safely continued, or the 'Post 
Office revenues collected, or the postal laws maintained, 
or the contents of the mailg ptescrved inviolate, till deliv- 
ered to thc proper address, on any post route, by reason of 
any insurrection or resistance to the laws of the United 
States, the PosünasterGcnerai is hereby authorized to dis- 
continue the postal service on such route, or any part thoro- 
of, and at any post offces thereon, till the sanne can be safely 
restored ; and shall report his action to Congress. 
Mr. COLFAX. The House will see there is 
no preamble to this substitute; that it lays down 
the broad and general proposition that, when the 
postal laws cannot be maintained, the Postmaster 
General shall be authorized to discontinue the 
service, and report his action to Congress. 
I now dcsire to enter the motion to recommit, 
and, after that motion is entered, I desire to state 
that, although I have a speech of half an hour 
which would like to deliver, yet, at the same 
time, as it s.vas debated yesterday by one speech 
in favor, and one aTainst the proposition, and as 
gentlemen arc desirous that it should be immedi- 
ately brought to vote, and inasmuch as I myseif 
think that votes are better speeches than mere 
words, I. shall forego the explanatory and statis- 
tical speech i desired to make, and move the pre- 
If the House desire to keep on 
vious question. 
debating the bill for a week, they can vote down 
the previous question. 
I desire to 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 
offer a substitute, and I hope the gentleman wiil 
permit it to bc read. 
Mr. VAI,LANDIGHAM. 1 ask the gentle. 
.man from Indiana to withdraw the previous ques- 
I would say to the gentleman that the sub- 
t.ion. 
stitute now presented is materially different from 
the one which has been printed, and which has 
It is duc to the members 
becn under discussion. 
of the House that the substitute should be printed, 
and an opportunity allowed for examination. .1.?or 
that rcason hope the gentleman will not insist 
upon the prcvious question, but let the substitute 
be printed in tho Globe, or in the usual manner in 
which bills are printed, and let us have at least 
one or two days in which we may look into its 
provisions and effect, to see whether it is consti- 
tutional, and whether it is a proper plan to be 
adopted at any time. I am not sure, from hear- 
ing it read, but that it is a bill which ought to 
pass. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 desire to the chair- 
man of the Committee on the Post Offce and Post 
Roads a question, in order to enlighten myself 
I think I am ready to vote for 
upon the matter. 
the bill, if f understood aright the gentleman 's 
explanation of it. Did I understood the chairman 
to say that this bill dispenses with the preamble ? 
Mr. COLFAX. It does. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Did 1 understand the 
gentleman to state that the operation of the bill 
fs not limited to any particular section, State, or 
locality ? 
Mr. COLFAX. It is not. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Or to any particular 
Mr. COLFAX. To cases which may occur 
anywhere. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. To the obstruction of 
mails anywhere in the United States? 
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then 1 am prepared 
to votc for it. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 hope the 
allow my amendment to be read. 
rycntleman will 
The SPEAKER. The only motion now is 
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques- 
tion. 
Mr. SIMMS. I desire to put a question to the 
gentleman from Indiana. Although the gentleman 
has said that the terms of this bill are general, I 
desirc to know whether it was not intended espc- 
cially to apply to seceding States ? 
Mr. COLF AX. I will answer the gentleman, 
to the I-louse, that as it yesterday appeared that 
I if tho unanimous consent of the Housc allows me. 
some gentlen-lcn supposed there tnicrl)t bc an in- 
I fercijcc drawn frorn [he bill, as it was reported, The provisions of tbe. bill would have applied to 
of an acknowledgment that certain Statos had II the city of Erie, Pennsylvania, when the rioters 
