776 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 6, 
prevented the mails from passing that city a few 
ago. The post offcc could have been sus- 
pended, and the mail routes to it, and harmony 
would thus have been soon restored. 
Mr. SIMMS. 'But that event in our history is 
passed , and we are not legislating for events which 
took place four or five ears ago. 
Mr. VÄLLANDIGÅAM. 1 hope the gentle- 
man will this bill to pass over until to-mor- 
row. 
Mr. BRANCH. Ifthe gentleman frorn Indiana 
can satisfactorily ansx,ver me two questions, I 
In the first place, I 
think I can support his bill. 
would like to know whether the Postmaster Gen- 
eral doesnot possess, under existing laws, all the 
power that is proposed to be conferred upon him 
by this substitute ? 
Mr. COLFAX.' It must be a matter of some 
doubt, as the gentleman from North Carolina and 
the gentleman from Kentucky had a very able 
debate upon one branch of that very question the 
other day. 
Mr. BRANCH. Another question. If the sub- 
stitute now proposed by the gentleman from Indi- 
ana is adopted, under that, and under existing 
laws, can the Postmaster General make arrange- 
ments for transferring the mails, when they reach 
the borders of the States in which obstructions 
exist, over to any mails that may be carried under 
the authority of those States, so that citizens of 
States which have not seceded can correspond 
with the citizens of States which have ? 
Mr. COLFAX. I will say to the gcntlcman, 
although this bill has no reference to State lines, 
that the mails may, of course, be carried to the 
borders o? the States to which mail routes lead 
under existing contracts, even if' discontinued be- 
Besides that, letters may be 
yond those borders. 
carried all over those States by express companies, 
ifthelettersare placedin stamped envelope's. Even 
now, under existintp laws, where express compa- 
nies run upon the same lincs with the nmils, they 
can carry letters in competition with thc Depart- 
ment, if the letters are in-closed in starnpod envel- 
opes, which, by the law, J)ever can be used a soc- 
ond time. Therefore, the correspondence with all 
States can be carried on through the express com- 
panies, by letters placed in stamped envelopes. 
If I can get a satisfactory 
Mr. BRAN CH.. 
answer upon that point, I can vote for the gentle- 
1 have no desire that this Govern- 
man 's bill. 
ment shall keep up mail service in those Slates 
which huvc chosen t") say that the laws of the 
Union are no longer in forec there. Do I, then, 
understand the gentleman from Indiana to say 
that if this bill is passed, under it, and under the 
existing laws, the citizens of those States that 
have not attempted to secede will still have the 
means of corresponding with persons livin(' in 
those Slates that have seceded ? 
Mr. COLFAX. I have no doübt that they 
will. The mails could bc carried to the border of 
thc State which has seceded, and after that, .1 
suppose the authorities of that State would have 
to cafry then'). Thus, in the wilderness frontier, 
wo carry letters as near the settler as our l')ost.al 
system extends; and he has to sec to getting them 
from that terminus at his own expense. Pike 's 
Peak last ycar was a signal instance of tl-iis. Till 
we established mail routes and postal service there 
the whole mail for that region was taken at the 
frontier by an express company, under the con- 
sent of the Department, and conveyed over the 
plains to the miners at twenty-five cents per letter. 
They brought back replies, and mailed them on 
our frontiet. 
Mr. BRANCH. That is the point. After 
letters reach the borders of those States, is the 
Postmaster General authorized to make arrancre- 
ments with those States or the inhabitants for 
transferring the letters across the border ? 
Mr. COLFAX. If, in any region, our postal 
laws cannot be maintained, we can only take the 
mails as far as they are protected by law. The 
letters will thus be carried to the terminus of the 
route upon the borders of the States. There they 
will stop; and I 'doubt not that, like the Pike's 
Peak arrangement, if means are provided for their 
being carried further on, there would be no ob- 
jection to this being done. 
It certainly ought to 
be done, and doubtless wilt. 
Mr. BRANCH. Delivered to the persons to 
whom directed, or an authorized public aoent? 
Mr. COLFAX. Not to the person directed, 
perhaps, for we have no post route to his resi- 
dcnce; but if any arrangements should have been 
made for carrying the mails there, no objection 
could be made to their taking them on at their 
own expense. 
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the gentleman to 
say, then, that if this law passes, the Postmaster 
General will be invested with power bv law to 
make arrangements for carrying letters addressed 
to persons resident in the States that have seceded , 
to the borders of those States, and there deliver- 
ing them over to the authorized agents of those 
States, to bc transferred to their destination. 
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly, sir; to any means 
that those people who are not on existing mail 
routes should provide for their reception and trans- 
mission. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to ask the gentle- 
man from Indiana one question. I objected to the 
gentleman's bill because, on its face, it recognized 
the act of secession of different States. I wish to 
ask him if it is the policy of his party— 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Irise to a 
I want to know if this debate 
question of order. 
is in order, pending the demand for the previous 
question ? 
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. 
Mr. COLFAX. As objection is made, I insist 
upon the previous question. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
Mr. COX called for the reading of the substi- 
tute. 
The substitute was again read. 
Mr. COLFAX withdrew the motion to recom- 
mit. 
The amendment, in tho nature of a substitute, 
was agreed to. 
rllhe bill was then ordered to be engrosscd and 
read a third time; an(l being encrossed, it was 
accordingly read the third time. 
Mr. COLFAX moved the previous question on 
the passage of thc bill. 
previous question was seconded; and the 
main question ordered. 
Mr. BURN Efl"i' demanded the yeas and nays 
on the passage of the bill. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The question was taken; and it was decided in 
thc afiirmativc—ycas 131, nays 28; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad- 
rain, Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Witlitun C. Anderson, Ashley, 
Babbitt, Barr, Bonlc, Bingharn, Blair, Blake, Branch, Bray- 
ton, Briggs, Bristow, Brown, Buflinton, Burch, Burnh;un, 
Buttertieid, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Coburn, Jonn 
Cochrane, Colfax, Conway, Cox, II. WV inter I)avis, Dawes, 
I)eiano, Duel), Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Etheridge, 
Fenton, Ferry, Florence, Foster, Gilmer, Goocb, Grallanl, 
Grow, Gurley, Hale, John Ilart'is, Haskin, Hellnick, 
ilindjnan, Iloard, I-Iolman, Wilki;un I-Ioward, William A. 
Howard, Ilumphrov, Ilutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. 
Kellogg, William Keilogg, •Kcnyon, Kilgore, Killingcr, Lar- 
rabec, l)oWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneckcr, Loonüs, Love- 
joy, Maclay, Mallory, Marston, McClcrnand, McKean, Mc- 
Kenty, McKnight, McPherson, Millson, Millwar(l, Mont- 
gollicry, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. 
Pendleton, Perrv, Pettit, 
NTorris, Nelson, Nixon, 
Peyton, Potter, Potter, Pottle, Edwin R. Royno*lds, John 
R.eynolds, Riggs, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Scran- 
ton, Sedgwick, Shernjan, Sickles, Spaulding, Spinrker, 
Stanton, Stevens, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, 'l'hayer, 
Vaklandighmn, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, wal- 
(Iron, Walton, Cadwulader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. VVash- 
burne, Wells, Wilson, Windon„ Wood, and Woodruff 
—131. 
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barret, 
Brabson, nurnctt„ Jollil B. Clark, Burton Craicc, .10hn G. 
Davis, Jarnettc, Jcnkins, Kunkel, 
S. Martin, Maynard, Niblaek, 
M. 1, each, 
Phelps, Pryor, Quarles, Rufün, Sinnns, William N. H. 
Sinith, Thornas, Vance, Whiteley, Winslow, and Wright 
So the bill was passed. 
During the roll-call, 
Mr. BURCH (when his name '•,vas called) said: 
I desire to say that, although I am a member of 
the committee that reported tho oriøinal bill, if it 
had been pressed in the form in which it was first 
presented, I should have voted against it. With 
the modification, however, now presented by the 
chairnnan of the committcc, I vote for it. 
Mr. BURNETT (when his name was called) 
o•entlemen on the other side of the House 
said : 
desire to repeal all laws of the United States appli- 
cable to the seceding States, and will introduce a 
bill to make this thing operate equitably and justly 
upon them, I will vote for it; but when they pro- 
pose to collect taxes within the seceding States, 
to make them pay taxes for the support of this 
Government, and treat them as within the Union, 
and then undertake, under cover of the general 
provisions of this bill, to cut off their mail facili- 
ties, I cannot vote for such a measure. 
I there- 
fore vote " no." 
Mr. FLORENCE (when his name was called) 
said: I think this is partial legislation; and I am 
therefore compelled to vote " no." 
Mr. HINDMAN (when his name was called) 
said: I regard this measure as pro tanto a recogm- 
tion of the right of secession; and I therefore vote 
for it as a disunion measure. [Laughter.] 
Mr. VANCE (when his name was called) said : 
If this bill, sir, repealed or suspended the opera- 
tion of the revenue laws in relation to all of the 
States which have seceded from the Union, I 
would vote for it; but as it only repeals the laws 
affording them postal facilities, leaving them, nom- 
inaily, at least, the burdens of taxation; and as it 
Iso incurs the danger of a collision between the 
tates going out of the Union and the General 
Government, which I consider the greatest barrier 
to peaceful reconciliation, and which I have sedu- 
lously endeavored •to avoid, and to which I am 
thoroughly opposed in any and all shapes, I shall 
vote " no." 
Mr. WINSLOW (when was called) 
said: There are delegates from fifteen of the States 
of this Union now in session in this city endeav- 
oring to adjust our present diffcultics and restore 
peace and harmony to the country. Pending their 
deliberations, I think we ought to adopt a policy 
of masterly inactivity," and do nothing what- 
ever to irritate the public mind. A measure of 
this kind is just as offensive to me as the military 
display of mercenary soldiers around this Capitol. 
I vote " no." 
Mr. BRABSON said: For the purpose of keep- 
ing down any excitement, I vote " no." 
Mr. HOLMAN said: I desire to say, sir, that 
inasmuch as this bill cannot possibly be construed 
as recocrnizincr even remotely the secession of any 
State from the Union, or the right of such seces- 
sion, and as the measurc of redress proposed by 
the bill is the mildest possible remedy for a great 
political evil, I will vote ay." 
Mr. SIMMS (when his name was called) said: 
Mr. Speaker, I would ask the indulgence of the 
House for moment to explain the vote I am 
If this bill only involved the prin- 
about to give. 
ciple that this Govcrnment should not furnish 
mail facilities to these seceding States, I would 
vote for it, because this Government is under no 
obligation to furnish mail facilities to thosc States 
which disclaim all allegiance to it. Upon that 
principle, I would vote for any proposition in this 
Congress to suspend mail facilities in thosc States, 
believing that they do not either expect or desire 
this Government to do so. I am, sir, from Ken- 
tucky, which has ever been among the most loyal 
and devoted to the Constitution and the Union. 
I believe it has been the object of every represent- 
alive from that State, both in this Hall and in the 
Senate Chamber, to do all that could be done for 
the purpose of bringing about an adjustment of 
our existing difficulties. I believe that•the passage 
of this bilt would complicate those difficulties, and 
retard a settlement, if not destroy all hope of an 
adjustment. 
Sir, Kentucky, the State I in part represent 
upon this floor, would avoid the calamity this 
condition of things will bring upon the country. 
Whatever may be the final result, she will stand 
guiltless before the world. 
The gentleman from New York [Mr. SICKI.ES] 
referred yesterday to the fact that the authorities 
of the State of New York had seized upon arms 
belonging to the State (if Georgia. Now, that act 
will probably be followed by some retaliatory acts 
on the part of the State of Georgia. This she 
may do by denying to merchants of the city of 
New York the right to sue in her courts for -the 
collection of debts due them by citizens of Geor- 
gia. When this condition of things is once inau- 
gurated, there will be no limit to acts of wrong und 
injustice from both sections. I would avoid this 
as I would preserve to the last every chance fora 
reconstruction of the Government. The result 
of this bill will be only to complicate matters and 
prevent an adjustment. 
I shall therefore vote against it; because I know 
that, whatever it may appear to be upon its face, 
it is intended to operate exclusively against the 
seceding States. 
It is but one of the many meas- 
ures of coercion now pending in this House, 
