778 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
report of the committee of thirty-threc on the dis- 
turbed condition of the country. 
The House was addressed by Messrs. MAY- 
NARD and WELLS. [Their speeches will be 
published in the Appendix. 
On motion HUTC INS, (atnineo'clock 
p. m. , ) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
THURSDAY, February 7, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
Mr. THOMSON. Mr. President— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator 
allow the Chair to clear his table? There is a 
joint resolution t,vhich the Chair will prcsent for 
the purpose of reference. 
M'CORMICK'S PATENT. 
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) for extend- 
ing the time for takiog testimony on the applica- 
tiofi of Cyrus H. McCormick, for the cxtension 
of his patent, was read twice by its title. 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. It will 
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office. 
Mr. WADE. I want to make a Inotion to take 
that joint resolution up now. 
Mt. FITCH. Let it be referred to the Com- 
mittec on Patents and the Patent Office. 
Mr. HUNTER. It ought to go to the Com- 
mittee on Patents. 
Mr. WADE. There is a necessity for passinT 
it immediately. 
Mr. FiTCH. It will not pass fora long time. 
Mr. GRIMES. suppose we can have a vote 
on Ibe as to whether it shall be referred. 
Tbc VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre- 
scntcd the.joillt resolution to the Senato , to be road I 
by the courtesy of the Senator from New Jersey, 
who is entitled to the floor. 
Mr. THOMSON. 1 desire to have the floor 
for a short lime. 
Mr. WADE. I would like to havo a votc on 
that su l)ieet. 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Then the joint 
resolution will not. bo referred at present. 
Mr. WADE. very well. 
RESOLUTIONS 011' NEW JERSEY. 
Mr. THOMSON. Mr. President, 1 ask leave 
to present the resolutions of the Legislature of the 
Slate of, New Jersey in reference to the present 
distracted condition of our country, and setting 
forth, among other things, that the resolutions 
and propositions submitted to the Senate. of the 
Uk)it.cd Stat.cs by Elon. JOHN J. CRITTENDEN, of 
Kentucky, for the compromisc of the questions 
in dispute between lhc people of the northern and 
of the southern States, or any other constitutional 
method that will Fjermancntly settle the question 
of slavery, will be acceptablc to the people of the 
State of New Jc.rsey; and the Senators and Ilep- 
resentativcs in Con ft•on-l New .Terscy bc 
and earnestly urged to support those 
resolutions and propositions. 
h) consequence of my abscncc from this paace, 
and a slight indispo.sitron, I have not had it in 
11) y power to present these resolutions at an car- 
licr day. I do so now; and take thc occasion to 
dissent in tho most en'lpl'iatic way from tbc opin- 
ions of In y colleague, as reported in the ncsvspa- 
pers, as to their not expressing the views and feel- 
Ings of the Stato we have the honor to represent 
in this body. 
My colleague refuses to obcy these instruc- 
tions, as he calls them, for several reasons. First, 
Sn far the Constitution is concerned, the State from 
which eotne has no more legal right to load rne with in.- 
than I have hcr; and only deference to her, 
in thi* particular, would arise solciy the superior wis- 
intelligence, and patrioti.sln ot• tl)C rnajority in her 
don), 
prt seat added to their better ureans of knowi- 
from a distance—than i possess, frorn beina 
preseut on the spot, and acting in the lni(ist of' all surround- 
in" circa Instances." 
And second, " because he believes them to be 
con tl•ary to the wishes of the people of his State ;" 
recers, in support of this opinion, to the 
votes cast for the various candidates in New Jer- 
sev at the last election. 
Ä.nd again, for a third reason, 
because the 
Legislature of N cw Jcrscy , with an accidental ma- 
jority in one of its two branches, most strangely 
aud most suddenly acquired, by a strict party 
vote, have undertaken to instruct us here to vote 
against the wishes of the people as declared in 
November last. " 
Mr. Presiden t, his reasons for hesitating to obey 
these instructions, as instructions, are set forth in 
his own argument, and in the full extracts from the 
speeches of distinguished Senators from New Jer- 
sey, who have preceded us as members of this 
body. We regard to this right of 
instruction , there have been différentopinions ever 
since the foundation of the Government, or rather 
the formation of the two great political parties in 
the country—Dcmocrats and Federalists.• 
I shall not enter into the discussion of this 
question. It is not necessary. My colleague 
docs not believe in the doctrine of instruction. I 
do. The party to which he belongs hold with 
him generally. The party with which [ have 
always acted hold that it is the duty of an agent 
to consult the wishes and obey the instructions 
of his principal—the power from which he holds 
his office—and, if he cannot do so, to resign his 
place, that one may fill it who will. 
I will add but another word on this subject; 
and that is, if my memory does not woefully de- 
ccive mc, two of the high authorities to which he 
refers may be quoted also on the other side of 
this question. The late Mr. Southard, when 
Governor of the State, in a message to the Legis- 
lature, maintained the right of representatives of 
tho people in New Jersey to instruct their Repre- 
sentatives in NV ashington; and in a short time 
afterwards, as a Senator of the United States, 
when instructed himself, took the oppositc ground , 
as very correctly quoted by my colicague. And 
General Wall, to whom he also refers, was woll 
known as not only holding the doctrine to be 
sound and I)emocrat.ic, but as carrying it out in 
his own person and by his own vote. 
But, Mr. President, this question of instruction 
was 110t fairly presented by thc resolutions which 
have led my colleague into an arrrumcnt on this 
subject, and I will not pursue it. Ry these the 
Senators and Representatives in Congress are 
merely rcqucstcd, not instructed, to support thc 
Crittenden resolutions and propositions. Tho 
question of instruction, it will be seen, is not in- 
volved in them—a request and an instruction being 
regarded as very differcnt things in legislative pro- 
cccdings; compliance, in one case, being consid- 
cred, by one party at least, an obligation; and a 
request, in the other, as leaving obedience entirely 
discretionary. 
'ithus, the usual language employed in such ros- 
olutions is, that Senators in Congress be instructed , 
and the members of thc House be requested, 
&c. And thc reason for this difference in phrase- 
ology is obvious. Senators are chosen by the 
Legisla_t.ures, and represent the State; while mem- 
bers, being representatives of districts, arc subject 
only, in like manner, to thc people who elected 
then-I. The Legislature had no (lesirc to make 
these Senators " a merc Diachine to record their 
but, on tl'le contrary, they de- 
ayes arid noes;' 
Sired to convey to then: ut this Capitol what they 
bciieved to be •the feelings and wishes Of their and 
our constituents. And the Senator admits that 
thiy had better opportunities of knowing what 
these were than he had, •being morc distant from 
them. They earnestly desired thc restoration of 
peace to the country, and expressed such anxious 
desire to their Senators in the only form in which 
they could do so; and adopted the expression ofa 
request instead of an instruction, to avoid wound- 
incr our pride of place or delicale• sensibilities. 
My colleacruc also hesitates to obey these " in- 
structions," bccausc he believes them to be con- 
trary to tho wishes of the people of that Stato ; 
listens to the instructions contained in 
and he 
the expression of their voices at the last election. 
A h, sir, would that he would only listen to them 
and obey them, rather than instructions from any 
other quarter. What, sir, are they? The author- 
ity to which will refer my friend is one that he 
It is the Tribune Alma- 
will hardly rcpudiatc. 
nac, very carefully prepared, and certainly with 
no view to diminish the strength of the popularity 
I of Mr. Lincoln. Fronn this it appears that Mr. 
Lincoln received 58,324 votes, and tl'ie votes cast 
acrainst him wore 62,801, or a majority against 
him in that State of 4,477. But the vote which 
Mr. Lincoln received was not due alone to the 
were induced to believe that the Democratic can- 
didates were unfriendly to the iron interest in 
New Jersey, and the Opposition in favor of pro- 
tecting it. This largely swelled the vote of the 
Opposition. 
And since the election, my colleague, I think, 
should know that a mighty change has taken 
place in his State against his party. 
I confess, Mr. President, that when I read the 
remarks of colleague on this point, I Was more 
than surprised; for I think .1 never knew the sen- 
timents of the peoplé of New Jersey more decided 
on any question than on that in regard to a settle- 
ment ' 'of the questions in dispute between the 
pcoplc of the northern and southern States," by 
the adoption of the resolutions and propositions 
of tho Senator from Kentucky, or any other con- 
stitutional method that will permanently settle the 
q•uestion of slavery." 
I will go further, and give it as my decided 
opinion that these resolutions of the Legislature 
would be sustained by the peoplc of New Jersey 
by an enormous vote, The gcncral feeling in the 
State has been, think, that thc South had been 
aofft•icvcd; had just cause of complaint 
some of the free States; and that its wrongs should 
be redressed ; and that peace , security, and equality 
should be secured to It by constitutional guaran- 
tecs which could not be violated. And these un- 
doubtcdly could have been obtained, better and 
easier, had the Gulf and cotton States remained in 
the Union, instead of going out of it. My col- 
league himself goes far to admit this. And yet, 
sir. at the same time, in this connection, I am con- 
strained to say that•thc lawless acts of the people 
of the South in seizing, by violence, the propcrf.y 
of the United States—its forts, arsenals, custöm- 
houses, post offices, hospitals, rcvcnuc cutters, 
and even vessels employed in the scientific survey 
—have greatly weakened the friendly 
of the coast 
feeling that previously existed in the North to- 
But notwithstanding this, I am con- 
ward them. 
fident that even now' a very large majority •would 
sustain the resolutions of the Legislature. 
ri'he third and last reason of rny colleaguc for 
disregarding thesc resolutions, it strikes me, is 
It is because, as he says, 
not a very good one. 
the Lc&islature, with an accidental majority in 
one of its two branches, have undertaken to in- 
struct us herc to vote against the wishes of the 
I people, as declared in November last." Now, 
to gay nothing of the changes which have since 
taken place in public sentiment in New Jersey, 
as cverywherc else, the November clec.tiou, to 
which he appeals, showed a majority, as I have 
before stated, against the candidate of Chicago, 
of forty-four hundred and forty-seven votes; and 
in both branches of the Legislature there. is; also 
a majority opposed to him; and the vote on these 
resolutions was 11 to 6 in the Senate, and 31 to 
11 in the House of Assembly. Now, I would 
like to know whether he or they best understand 
the wishes of the people? 
So much, sir, for this third and last and vv'orst 
reason. 
My colleague cannot differ more widely than I 
do frorn those who assert thc right of a State to 
scccdc frorn the Union at its own will and pleasure. 
Nothing, in rny judffment, is less warranted in tho 
history of tho formation of our present Union than 
the claim of such a right unt_lm• the Constitution ; 
If a 
and nothing more fatal to its preservation. 
single State can, at any time and for any reason, 
dissolve her connection with her confederates, the 
whole fabric of our Government, held together and 
cemented as onc grand and perfect arch, mav at 
any moment fall to pieces, and all its parts be in- 
volvcd in one common ruin, by thc rash or 
madness of one of its members. The right of se- 
cession cannot bc found in thc Constitution, if it 
is not constructively forbidden there. 
right at all, it is nothing but a revolutionary right; 
and, I think, can only be maintained as such by 
those who have lately so freely exercised it, and 
by it have practically, at least for a time, dissolved 
the Union. 
But my friend says: 
If this Union be dissolved, the madness of the act will 
bc equaled only by its, stupendous The dissolution 
of the Union, did sav ! No, sir; no. It :nay be attcnnpted ; 
we may have strife and conflict; wc may have blows and 
grill) visaged war 
bloodshed ; rnay have war. 
this Union of our fathers, this b}essed Union, this priccless 
mere sti•cngth of his party or his platform. The 
tariff question had much to do with it. T hc people II be destroyed without a struggle—a 
