1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
779 
nor do they vanish in an hour. They do not die as infants 
do. 'l'hey feel by far a greater pang than when a giant dies. 
They *nust protect themselves; they must protect their 
power ; they must preserve their limits; they Inust main- 
tain control. 
Now, if I understand this aright, it means co- 
ercion; coercion of States which have withdrawn 
from the Union back into it; and that by " blows 
and bloodshed," we must preserve this " price- 
less heritage. " 
Now, Mr. President, if the right of coercion 
was as clear as a sunbeam in the Constitution, in 
our present circumstances it would be worse than 
madness to enforce it. But it is not clear and un- 
disputed. I grant that on the principle of the 
right of Government, like an individual, to pro- 
tect itself as a natural and inherent right, it is far 
more clear than the right of secession, though 
neither is provided for expressly in the Consti- 
tution. Yet, sir, the attempt to coerce by force 
of arms, and by blows and bloodshed, States to 
remain in the Union after, by the assertion of the 
right of revolution, they had withdrawn from it, 
and had established independent governments, 
would be not only an act of madness and folly, 
but an act which, of necessity, would lead to hor- 
rors, in comparison with which, all we read in 
the history of war would fade into insignificance. 
A civil X„var between such people as those which 
compose the different sections of this country— 
probably a servile war at the South, and a rc- 
ncwal of thc horrors of St. Domingo, which a 
protracted struggle would, I think, inevitably pro- 
duce—humanity sickens to contemplate; and yet 
that would be the result. 
No, Mr. President; no! Let us win our erring 
sisters back to our embraces by kindness, by jus- 
tice, by good feeling, and by good deeds; but to 
attclnpt to force them by arms, and by blows and 
bloodshed, is as wicked as it is impo"ible. If wc 
cannot preserve Chern in the Union without force, 
in the name of our common ancestors, in thc 
name of humanity, in the namo of liberty, which 
would be crushed out in the attempt, in the name 
of l)iffh Heaven, let them go in peace. Time and 
returning reason in the North and in the South 
may reunite us in a stronger bond than has ever 
yet bound us together. And if this should never 
happen, we may still hope by leagues and treaties, 
offensive and defensive, to compel the respect of 
tho world, and insure a deffree of prosperity, if 
not as o reat as under our present Union, still such 
as is enjoyed by no other nation under I-leaven. 
Let us, Mr. President, save the Union by yield- 
ing our prejudices on both sides. Save it In the 
noble language of the great state.sman of New 
York, " Saye first the Union, and then, after that, 
save all else that is worth savincr. 
I move that the resolutions be laid upon tho 
table. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. A few words in reply to 
the courteous remarks of my honorable colleague. 
I am sure I had no disposition, in submitting the 
resolutions which I presented, and in making the 
few remarks which I offered to the Senate on Fri- 
day last, to avail mysclf of the absence of my 
colleague. 
Mr. THOMSON. I did not intend to suggest 
anything of that kind, sir. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. I supposed it was my duty, 
although 1 did not agree with them, promptly, 
and at the earliest moment, to present those rcso- 
Iulions to the Senate, and to the country, as the 
views of that portion of the Legislature of the 
State of New ,Tcrsey that had indorsed and passed 
I regret the illness of rny colleague which 
them. 
prohibited him from being present on that occa- 
Sion to make his reply upon the spur of the mo- 
mcnt; but I am glad to find that his illness has 
not been so serious as to preclude him from mak- 
ing a prepared reply to me. 
N'] y friend and colleague states that the resolu- 
Lions did not contain or involve the doctrine of 
instruction. Sir, they do not use the word in- 
struct;" but tbcv use what is tantamount to it. 
They request;)' they earnestly urcre." They 
do not use the word Instruct," I grant; but cun- 
ning phrases were employed to mean that thing; 
and they meant itin effect. I did so regard them; 
and if 1 acknowledged the doctrine of instruction, 
I should obey those resolutions as promptly as 
if they had contained the particular word " in- 
struct." We werc requested; we werc earnestly 
urged to vote for t.he propositions contained in the 
resolutions offered by the Senator frolü Ken tuck y. 
When the Legislature of my State speaks out, I 
do not stop to cavil about mere words or phrases. 
I do not allude to the point taken by my col- 
league, that these resolutions represent the pres- 
ent views of the people of New Jersey. It is his 
opinion that they do; it is my opinion that they 
I do not refer to, or base myself upon, 
do not. 
the excited, heated feelings of the community, 
filled with fears and anxieties for the perpetuity 
I re- 
of this Union—t.his glorious heritage." 
peat, I rely upon the calm, sober reflection and 
action of the people, in thc ordinary mode, as 
evinced by themselves at the last election, after 
months of canvassing and consideration. By the 
votes cast then, only three months since, if there 
is any reliance to bc placed upon that voice, the 
people of New Jersey were expressly and em- 
phatically against the leading proposition of the 
Senator from Kentucky—I allude to the one in 
relation to the Territories in particular. I know, 
and I- am glad to know, that the people of that 
State are in favor of many of the propositions 
contained ill the resolutions submitted by the 
Senator from Kentucky. 
My honored colleague says that he thinks the 
people of New Jersey arc in favor of these reso- 
lutions. He says in the Senate they were carried 
by a vote of eleven to six. Sir, I know that four 
members of the Senate would have voted against 
these resolutions, which would have left the vote 
but. those fbur were sick; 
standino• eleven to ten; 
and although requests and appeals were made by 
the friends of those Senators who were absent for 
a delay of the vote for a single (lay, in order that 
they have an opportunity, if well enough, 
to appear in thc Senate and cast their votes, they 
were rushed through the Senate, in defiance of the 
appeals of the friends of those gentlemen who 
were opposed to the passagc of these resolutions. 
' r herc wore, then, in fact, ten opposed, and eleven 
in favor of them; and had it not becn for qn acci- 
dental majority—I repeat the word, an accidental 
majority—recently obtained, and most strangely 
obtained, in the Senate of that State, by a vote 
being changed from the morning to the afternoon 
of a day, these resolutions never would havc 
passed that body. How it was done, by what 
cabalistic influence, I cannot say, for was not on 
the spot to understand it; I do not undertake to 
say. 
Mr. THOMSON. Will my colleague allow 
me to ask hitn if ho calls Mr. Norcross, whosc 
vot.e it is said xvas changed, a Republican ? 
Mr. EYCK. Hc was Repub- 
ticket, by a majority 
lican, on the " Opposition 
of fourteen hundred, in the county where i live; 
and his course has brought pain and sorrow to the 
hearts of truc and honest who cast their votes 
that the people of the United States are individ- 
ually bound by its authority, it is the duty, and 
it ought to be the practice, of the Government to 
enforce its laws, and 10 see that they are fu-Ily ex- 
ecuted against all offenders and against all persons 
who would risc up in rebellion against thOse laws, 
unless the opposition assumes so great a I'lead and 
front as to amount to a successful revolution, when 
it would be against humanity and against all ideas 
that civilization entertains, to undertake a whole- 
sale warfare for the extinction of our race. With 
these remarks, leave the subject. 
Mr. THOMSON. A single word, and I shall 
yield. My colleague spoke of my sickness, and 
rcferred to my ability to prepare a speech. He 
was probably not aware that I was, on Friday 
morning, very unexpectedly called to New Jer- 
sey, and remained there until Monday night. I 
did not see his speech until I came here on Tues- 
day morning. 
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the 
table. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the resolu- 
tion of the I-louse of Representatives on the mat- 
ter of the McCormick patent. 
Mr. BIGLER. I should bc glad to get in some 
memorials. 
PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT 
in the chair.) The Chair will rcceive memorials 
as being first in order. 
AMENDMENTS TO TIIE CONSTITUTION. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 have a memorial which 
I present the memorial of 
I desire to present. 
J. Blake, and eighty-one others, inhabitants of 
Swanton, Vermont, praying for the adoption of 
the measurc commoll]y knowrn as the border State 
It is think, that I trouble 
propositions. 
the Senate; but I desire now to make some re- 
marks, for which I beg indulgence for a few 
mornents, in relation to this subject. 
I am not 
proposing to make remarks about secession, or 
coercion, or slavery, or the merits of any of these 
topics at all; but the petition which I have pre- 
scnted invokes the exercise of the power of Con- 
gress in relation to amcndmcnts to the Constitu- 
[t is upon that topic that I wish to speak 
tion. 
for a few moments. 
Mr. President, I am willing at all times, when 
the occasion properly calls for it, to exercise the 
powers that we legitlmatcly have by the Consti- 
tution; but in nay estimation, no exicrencies can 
ever justify us in resortincr to any sort of devices 
and expedients which the occasion Inay cull for, 
that are not consistent with the fair construction 
of the provisions of that instrument. Now, sir, 
what is the truc meaning, the fair import, of the 
for him, who, Ilke Inorning of t.hc luccting of I powers whicharcgivenin the Constitution to Con- 
the Legislature stood one way, and in tho after- 
It was by such Incans as thesé that 
noon anothcr. 
those resolutions \verc carried through the upper 
branch of our Legislature. 
And, sir, with i•espect to the other House—the 
Assembly, these resolutions were passed under thc 
whip and spur of party tactics; but the majority 
was nothing like that mentioned by colleague. 
After urgent efforts and appeals for delav, roade 
by those gentlmnen with w hcnn I coincide in opin- 
ion politically , finding thata suspension of the rulcs 
took place and that these resolutions were to be 
railroa(l speed, 
driven through in haste, with 
many of them abandoned the Chamber of our 
lower House, and left the friends of measure 
to carry it through in their mvn way and at their 
own pleasure. I would not have referred to these 
circumstances, had it not becn for the allusions 
made by my friend and colleaguc to the votes as 
they stood in both Houses of our Legislature. 
I 
and I shall havc done. 
One word Inore sii•, 
think 111 y colleague misul)derstands me when he 
I do not think 
says my doctrine is coercion. 
he desires improperly or erroneously to misrep- 
resent me. My doctrine means nothing else but 
this: self-defense, which is the sacred right of a 
gress in relation to its amendment? 
When the Constitution was adopted, and those 
who made it were about to put in exercise this 
great experiment, having created for thc first time 
a General Government with all its departments, 
and curtailed in large proportion the powers which 
the, States had previously exercised, to corro- 
II spond with it, they said: Now, it may be that 
this Constitution docs not investsuffcient powers 
in the General Government for its smooth and suc- 
cess?ul operation. Experience may show that. 
M/ hat, th en , shall be done in such acon tingency? It 
will be a contingency in which Congress wilt have 
I asccrtaincd by experiment precisely what further 
power they need. say, thercfore, that when 
Congress have thus ascertained that they need 
any more delegated power, they shall have au- 
thority to propose amendments to the Constitu- 
tion, which they shall send to the States or to the 
people of the United States (if you please) in their 
States, either in convention or in their Legisla- 
tures, for their adoption; and if three fourths of 
them adopt them, they shall become a portion of 
the Constitution.' 
This was wanted for the use of Congress. No 
occasion was required for calling any national con- 
nation, as of an individual; and if the doctrine of I vention;huttheoccasion would be one which expe- 
rience would develope, and which Congress would 
self-defense, of preservation, for a nation and a 
Government, leads to blows and bloodshed, they fccl the need of, und such ••.•vas the arrangement to 
meet that contingency. But they further said 
I would not hasten to thc 
I must conoe and fall. 
fict.d of strife; I would (Iciay•, l. v..rould expostQate; Perhaps upon experience and upon trial, it will 
turn out that we have transferred too much power 
L would earnestly exhort our breth- 
would plead ; 
from the States to the Gencral Government; it 
no steps which might lead to such a 
ren to talco 
dread result. Eut, sir, regarding, as I do, the Con- rnay work hard for the Statcs: they Inav need to 
have amendincnts; now, what provision shall sve 
stitution of the United as the snpremc law, 
