780 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
make, what arrangement shall we prepare, for 
such a contingency. It cainot be reasonably ex- 
pected that Congress will, in such an event, make 
any propositions for amendment to strip them- 
selves of power which has been already delegated 
to them. We therefore must not look to Congress 
for relief in such an emergency at all. Hence it 
was that provision was made in the same article 
for such an event, for such a contingency, by 
providing that if two thirds of the States shall 
pass resolutions requesting the call ofa general 
convention for the purpose of proposing amend- 
ments to the Constitution, Congress shall call it. 
They said, if the States want the Constitution 
amended, let them amend it as it was made, by a 
national convention; let them see each other all 
around; let them compare their views; let them 
see cach other face to face, and then make such 
arrangements as the circumstances at the time 
may rcquire; and when they have thus proposed 
then• amendments, Congress shall send those pi•op- 
ositions to the States, eitherin their Legislatures or 
their conventions, foradoption. Itwill be observed 
that in thc latter arrangement the first leading fea- 
turc is this: when the people or the States want 
amendments which they suppose they need, they 
are to have them whether Congress will or not; If 
they call a national convention in this way, Con- 
gress has no power to stop it, but is obliged to 
call it without knowing what amendments will be 
proposed'. The Statcs are not bound, in their res- 
olutions which ask for a general convention, to 
state what amendments they want; but simply to 
declarc that they want a convention; and Con- 
gress, in case two thirds of the States join in the 
is bound to call it; and again, whcn it is 
called, and it proposes amendments, Congress 
has no right to examine into the merits of thosc 
atnendments, but is bound to send them out to 
the States at once; it is imperative on Congress 
to do so. 
Hence it is we sec, Mr. President, provision is 
here made that amendments to the Constitution 
are to come from those who want thern. No idea 
entered into their heads in thosc days that the old 
rule of conunon sense would be overthrown, which 
is, that propositions for relief of any kind should 
come from those who want it., and not from those 
who do not want it. Now, let us apply this to our 
presenb condition. Docs this General Govcrn- 
ment feel the want of any morc delegated power? 
Has experiencc shown that our General Govern- 
ment docs not operate smoothly, for the want of 
some other delcffated power that we need? Not 
at all. No one suggests anything of that kind; 
we wantnothing kind. What next? What 
is wanted, or what is said to be wanted? It is 
said that a number of the States desire amend- 
ments to the Constitut.ion forthcir security. I am 
not about to enter into the rncrits o? those amend- 
ments; but I say that is said to be the case. Now, 
is it not, frorn thc provision of the Constitution 
tö which I have alluded, perfectly obvious as to 
how such an is to be reached? T think it 
• it leaves no doubt about it. Well, sir, 
have any of these States ever made any attempt 
to call a national convention to get redress of 
grievances according to the Constitution? Not 
one. Some of them have flown into secession; 
but not an attempt has 
others are thrcatenincr it.' 
beer) made •by any of them to get any redress 
I have nothing to 
within the Constitution at all. 
say of that, particularly; but I say that Congress 
ought not to undertakc to exercise the power which 
is "iven to get amendments which they need, for 
the purpose of getting arnendments for the States, 
which it is said they need. It is to pervert the 
uses for which it was givcn to them by so doing. 
Such attempts will always fail; and it is obvious 
First, we undertake to con- 
h y they will fail. 
jcclure what tho States want. We arc going about 
framing amendments to send out to the peo- 
plc. amendments? Anything we x.vantor 
need? No; but something which it is conjectured 
the States need. Who knows what they need ? 
Who knows what they want? Who knows what 
they v;ill be satisfied with? I-lave they mani- 
festcd it to us? [n no way. It is mere matter of 
coli jcctt.n•e•, and I-kowever much respect I may have 
for •the source frotn which these conjectures corne, 
still {'or all I cannot but sce that itis lame and im- 
potent attempt to use a power which was granted 
for one purpose to effect another and an entirely 
different one. 
Now, Mr. President, let me go a little further, 
to show its inapplicability. Suppose we agree to 
the amendments here. Have the people of the 
different States ever seen each other in con vention, 
and understood each other's views about them? 
Never at all; but we are going to make them up 
here, and invent them ourseivcs, initiate them, 
and send them out to the States, and ask them 
to act upon them without ever seeing each other 
at all. The attempt never can succeed. In the 
nature of the thing, it cannot succeed. The pro- 
vision of the Constitution is not adapted, never 
was meant, to secure any such purpose by the 
action of Congress, originating amendments for 
the States, which they have not asked for. 
The conclusion, then, I come to after what re- 
flection I can give it, is, that as I view this part 
of the Constitution, which I think very clear when 
read and considered in the light of the circum- 
stances in which it was madc, I never can under- 
take to participate here in undertaking to make up, 
and invent, and contrive, and conjecture amend- 
ments for States, which the States themselves 
I think it is entirely mal- 
have ncvcr asked for. 
apropos. It will be entirely unsuccessful; and the 
very fact now that you find such odds and ends, 
such various opinions about what they shall be, 
and a thousand projects that are presented to us, 
the very fact that you find yourselves in this con- 
dition, manifests that the principle which I state 
is right. It shows that you are in this condition 
because yoü are trying to use an instrumentality 
which you have for one purpose for another, for 
which It was ncvcr prepared, and to which it is 
not at all adapted. Now, Mr. President, I have 
one other—— 
Mr. BIGLER. A single— 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire to finish what 1 
have to say, and then I will hear the gentleman's 
I do not desire to be interrupted now. 
question. 
Mr. BIGLER. i desire simply to understand 
the Senator on n point which, I supposed,it would 
bc very agreeable to him to illustrate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT 
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Vermont 
yield the floor. 
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman says he 
wishes me to explain. If that is all, I yield. 
Mr. BIGLER. I certainly had no Wish to in- 
terrupt the Senator from Vermont; but I sup- 
posed that so universal a privilege, in all kindness 
and forbearance, would be accorded— 
Mr. COLLAMER. Proceed, sir; ask your 
question. 
Mr. BIGLER. I simply ask the Senator from 
Vermont to tell us how he reconciles the theory 
which he lays down with the fact that the very 
first amendment made to the Constitution, with 
reference to the sovereignty of States, was sub- 
mitted by Congress? 
Mr. COLLAMER. I will answer you entirely, 
if you will hear me through. You need not in- 
terrunt me. You will hear it all. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the duty 
of the Chair to announce that the hour for the spe- 
Cial order has arrived. 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 hope 1 be allowed 
t" " Certainly 
Certainly . 
to "0 on. 
Mr. FOOT. I hope, by common consent, the 
special order will be passed over informally, until 
my shall have concluded his remarks. 
I presume the whole Senate are desirous to hear 
Certainly ! ' 
him upon this point. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no 
objection, the Senator may procccd. The Chair 
hears none. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I have said nothing, and 
shall say which can possibly involve the 
feelings of different sides, or different parties in 
the Senate. At this time, I have nothing to say 
I rise to make remarks due to myself 
about that. 
in relation to the memorial which I have presented, 
which invokes the exercise of the power of Con- 
gress in relation to constitutional amendrnents. 
An illustration may be drawn from our history, in 
confirmation of the principles which I have stated. 
In the election of President of the United States, 
in 1801, it was found that the arrangements which 
had been made in the Constitution did not operate 
smoothly. There was almost a failure in the Gov- 
ernment. Congress then thought the contingency 
' had arisen for which this provision was made, 
and Congress proposed an amendment in order to 
be relieved of that difficulty. They sent it out to 
the States. That was exactly what Congress 
It was adopted. 
ought to have done. 
I come now to another thing, which I was just 
about to speak of when the Senator from Penn- 
sylvania interposed. It is quite easy to imagine 
—and our own history presents a precedent for 
it—this state of things. Suppose, for instance, a 
State, or a certain number of States—not two 
thirds—do not desire to call a general convention, 
either because of a want of time or some other 
excuse, no matter what; they desire no general 
revision; they only desire one or two particular 
amendments; and suppose that one, two, three or 
more States should state to us that they desired 
the following articles of amendment to be adopted 
as part of the Constitution of the United States, 
(naming them,) and they present these to Con- 
gress, with the petition or request that Congress 
will submit them to the conventions or the Legis- 
latures of the different States for adoption ;—now 
suppose such a state of things presents itself: how 
would that fall within the principles which I have 
•before remarked upon? When Congress prepares 
amendments to the Constitution, and sends them 
to the people, they express their approbation of 
them; it implies that they are their amendments; 
they make them—and it requires turo thirds to 
do it; which implies, I take it, the exercise of 
their judgment, and a judgment so decisive as will 
carry two thirds of the Senate and of the House 
of Representatives. They are the amendments 
which Congress want, and which Congress ap- 
prove. 
But suppose one, two, or three States should 
draw up some amendments that they say they do 
want; not that we conjecture at; not that we gucss; 
but which they say they do want: what will you 
do in such a case? Suppose some of the States pre- 
pare and reduce to proper form •the amendments 
which they desire; and they have so much confi- 
dence in their sister Sates that they are willing to 
submit them to them; for that very desire and rc- 
quest to submit them implies a confidence: now, 
what should Congress do on an occasion of that 
kind? I think it is quite clear what they should do. 
I believe Congress should not pass on the merits 
It is a petition, a respectful 
of those amendments. 
petition,asuitable petition. I should not think that 
Congress should not present them as their amcnd- 
ments. MT ell, how would you do it? I would 
do it in this way. I would recite that whereas 
such and such certain States (naming them) had 
prepared such and such articles of amendment to 
the Constitution, and had presented them to Con- 
gress, and had requested Congress to submit them 
to the States, therefore, and in pursuance of that 
request, Congress present them to the States for 
adoption; and do -it by the two-thirds majority 
required by the Constitution to render the proposal 
effective. 
I grant, 'xvhen they are amendments which Con- 
gress prepared, undoubtedly it is implied that they 
express their approbation of thcm; but in the case 
I am supposing, and which I consider a middle 
case between the two, no approbation or disap- 
probation of Congress is expressed or implied, 
nor is it necessary. Let me read the article: 
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses 
Shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this 
Constitution, or, on the application of the Legislatures of 
two thirds of the several States, shali call a convention for 
proposing amendxnents, which, in cither case, shall be valid 
to all intents and purposes as part of this Constitution, 
when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the 
several States, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, 
posed by the Congress." 
It does not say that Congress shall recommend 
the amendments, or any of them. It is said that 
they shall propose the amendments, hut not that 
they shall recommend them. 1 think Congress, 
when there is a respectful petition by any State 
for certain articles of amendmen t, should pass such 
a joint resolution as I have just indicated, with the 
recital or preamble thereto. 
Now, I come to the case that the Senator from 
Pennsylvania alludes to. When the States adopted, 
in their several conventions, -this United States 
Constitution, several of the States recommended 
certain amendments; a number of the States did ; 
I do not know whether two thirds, or all; but a 
number of them recommended certain am endments 
to the Constitution. What did Congress do with 
them? They were not amendments that Congress 
prepared. What did they do? The States, in 
