784 
He was sent from -that State to the American 
Congress as •soon as she was admitted into the 
Union, and was a member of Congress at the 
termination of the second term of General Wash- 
ington, when an address was made to the Presi- 
dent, a portion of which I shall read. Mr. Presi- 
dent, it is well to go back. It is sometimes well 
to open the volume of history, and see what it is 
that our ancestors have done. Weems wrote a 
life of Washington. I have often thought it a 
great pity that any other was written. He was 
the Father of his Country; he wasa great man; he 
was a good man; but there was a powerful party 
that differed with him as to the character of this 
Government, and the proper mode of administer- 
ing it. As to the mere abstract authority of Gov- 
ernment, this powerful party differed with him. 
John Adams succeeded him, and in carrying out 
the policy of Alexander Hamilton, which had 
been adopted by Washington, he was crushed. 
It is known to every man at ail familiar with our 
history that the difference which grew up in the 
Cabinet between Mr. Jefferson on the one side, 
and Alexander Hamilton on the other, caused 
Mr. Jefferson to withdraw from the government. 
When his second term had expired, the Congress 
of the United States presented an address to Gen- 
eral Washington. It is very lengthy, and I shall 
read but a sentence or two : 
"And while we entertain a grateful conviction that your 
wise, firm, a.nd patriotic administration has been signally 
•conducive to the success of the present {Orm of govern- 
ment, we cannot forbear to express the deep sensations of 
regret with which '•.ve conteinplate your intended retire- 
ment from office. 
As no other suitable occasion may occur, wc cannot 
suffer the present to pass, without attempting to disclose 
some of the emotions which it cannot fait to awaken." 
May you long enjoy that Jibcrty which is so dear to you, 
and to which your name will ever be so dear! May your 
own virtues and a nation 's prayers obtain the happiest sun- 
blessings! For our country's sake, the sake of repub- 
lican liberty, it is onr earnest wish that your c.xarnple Inay 
be the guide of your successors; and thus, after being the 
ornatncnt and of the present age, become the 
pntrinwny of our descendants. "—House Journal, "Third and 
Fourth Congress, 1793-.97, p. 619. 
it is our earnest wish 
Mark the words, sir: 
that your example may be the guide of your suc- 
cegsors." This was voted for by sixty-seven 
members. Twelve voted against it. Against this 
address to Generai Washington, indorsing the 
policy and politics of his Administration and trust- 
Ing his example would be followed by his suc- 
cessors, are to be found the names of Nathaniel 
Macon, of North Carolina; of William B. Giles, 
of Virginia; and of Andrew Jackson, of Tennes- 
see. A Republican at that time, he could not vote 
an indorsernent of the policy and politics of the 
administration of the Father of his Country, be- 
cause that policy had not been of the Republican 
school. 
What was the policy of the Republican school ? 
The year after that, Mr. Jefferson became its 
It is contained in the platform 
great exponent. 
upon which the Senator from Tennessee professes 
It is containcd in the Kentucky and 
to stand. 
Virginia resolutions, asserting the sovereignty of 
the. States, and their right to judge, at all times, 
for themselves as to the infractions, and of the 
mode and measure of redress. 'I'hc third Virginia 
resolution, which is now a part of the platform of 
the Democratic party, adopted in 1852 at Balti- 
more,indorsed in 1856 at Cincinnati—the platform 
upon which the present incumbent was elected, 
the platform upon which the Senator from Ton- 
nessee professes to stand—that resolution is in 
these words: 
That this Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily 
declare that it views the powers of the Federal Governnuent 
as resulting fron'i the cmnpact to which the States are par- 
ties, as lirnitcd hy the plain sense and illtention of the in- 
strutncnt constituting that compact, as no further valid than 
they are authorized by the grants enumerated in that com- 
pact ; and that, in case of a deliberate, palpable, 
and dan- 
gerous exercise o? other powers, not granted by the said 
coinpaet, the States"— 
Not the people of the United States, nor the 
people of America, but the States as sovereign 
parties to the compact— 
who are parties thereto, have the right, and are in duty 
bound, to interpose, for arresting the progress ot- the, evil, 
aud fi-n• maintaining withiu their respective limits the au- 
thorities, rights, aud liberties appertaining to them." 
That was the republicanism of that day. It was 
the republicanism of the Republican party. It 
was the republicanism of Jefferson, of Jackson, 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7. 
of Macon, of Giles, and of the great men who 
rescuedth&States at that time from destruction 
by a misconstruction of the Federal compact. 
The first Kentucky resolution is in thcsc Words: 
Reso&ved, That the several States composing the Uni- 
ted States of America are not united on the principle of 
unlimited submission to their Generai Government; but 
that by compact, under the style and titlc of a Constitu- 
tion för the United States, and of amendments thereto, they 
constituted a General Government for special purposes, 
delegated to that Government certain definite powers, re- 
serving, each State to itself, the residuary mass of right to 
their ow•n self-government' 
To thcir own self-government was the residuary 
mass. reserved—a right which is denied by the 
Senator from Tennessee; denied by the Republi- 
can party; denied by nationalism, from the or- 
ganization of the Government to the present time, 
under whatever name it may have made its ap- 
pearance— 
and that whensoever the General Government assumes 
undelegatcd powers, its acts arc unauthoritative, void, and 
of no förce; that to this compact each State acceded as a 
State, and is an integral party." 
That is the doctrine that the Tennessee Sena- 
tor has avowed in his pretended support of the 
Democratic party: 
That this Government, created by this compact, was not 
made the exclusive or final judge of the extent of the powers 
delegated to itself, since that would have made its discre- 
tion, and not the Constitution, the Ineasure of its powers ; 
but ihat, as in all other cases of compact among parties hav- 
ing no conunonjudge, cach party has an equal right to judge 
för•itself, as weil ot• infractions as of the mode and measure 
of redress. 
T hc Senator, in his celebrated 19th of Decem- 
ber, 1860, speech', to which he has alluded, thought 
that he had discovered the, truc intent and mean- 
ing of the Democratic platform. He referred to 
the Virginia resolutions, and said that it said 
' States," and that meant all the States; and, 
therefore, when all the States declared that the 
com )act was violated, of course that declaration 
wou d be final and binding against the Federal 
But, without stopping to criticise 
Government. 
a comment of that sort, I ask him if he finds 
" States " here? This is also a part of the plat- 
form that hc professes to stand upon: 
But that, as in all other cases of coinpact among par- 
tics having no con-unon judae, each party has an equal 
right to judge tor itself, as well of infractions as ofthe Inode 
and Ineasure of redress." 
The word nullification seems to have ex- 
cited his ire. He does not drasv the distinction 
between nullification and secession. Those who 
have read the Constitution, and understand it, 
know that there isa difference between the two 
remedies: nullification applying to the act of the 
acrent, the Federal Government; and secession to 
the parties, the States, by separating from them 
when cither they or their a«rcnt have violated the 
compact. But i shall not go into any discussion 
of the question. I merely wanted to draw the 
attention of the Senator, if he will listen, to the 
origin of this word nullification. In the Ken- 
tuck y resolutions of 1799, which were adopted 
by the Legislature of Kentucky for the purpose 
of explaining and making explicit their meanin«r 
in the resolutions of 1798, I find the following 
paragraph : 
'I'llat the principlc and construction contended for by 
sundry of the State Legislatures, 
The same principle contended for by the Sen- 
ator from 'I'ennessee— 
that the General Government is the exclusive judge of 
thc extent of the powers delegated to it, stops nothing short 
of despotisan, since the discretion of those who adli)inister 
the Govet•tunent, and not the Constitution, would be the 
measure of their power* ; 1 hat tlie several States who 
förrued that instrument, being sovereign and independent, 
have thc unquestionable right to judge ot• the infraction ; 
and that a nullification by those sovereignties of all un- 
thorized acts done under color of that instrument is the 
rightful remedy.)' 
That was the doctrine in Kentucky in 1799, 
going •a stone's throw beyond the right of seces- 
sion, and asserting that a State Inay remain in the 
Union, and in tbc Union may deny the right to 
the Federal Government of enforcin(f any lawr 
which she in her sovereign capacity has declared 
unconstitutional and unwarranted by the com- 
pact. Now, sir, as to the author of the doctrine 
I of nullification and secession, desiinated as syn- 
onymous tertns by the Senator from Tennessee, 
and also designated as the prolific mother of all 
heresies and sins. The Senator from Tennessee 
read with much approbation yesterday from an 
i editorial of the Richmond Enquirer, as containing 
It is the first time in my life 
the true doctrine. 
that I have ever known any one on the floor of 
the Senate or elsewhere to take the editorial ofa 
newspaper published nearly half a centnry ago, 
and bring it.as a test of political orthodoxy or as 
a proper exposition of the doctrines of the party 
to which he belongs or professes to belong, or as 
any authority in settling disputed constitutional 
points; and yet the Senator rosé here with an air 
of triumph, and, somebody or other having fur- 
nished him with an old copy of the Richmond 
Enquirer, he read it as orthodox. Would to God 
that he had the former numbers of that paper and 
would peruse them. The denunciations of the 
Hartford convention were one thing; strong lan- 
guage, written under a moment of excitement, in 
reference to the treasonable purposes of those men, 
was one thing; their deliberate enunciation of 
constitutional doctrine is quite another. During 
the war with Great Britain—a war brought on in 
defense of New England commerce and New Eng- 
land seamen, denying the right of search and pro- 
tecting that section from the a«€yressions of the 
British Government—they treacherÖusly and per- 
fidiously assembled at Hartford, and, It is said, 
proposed, or were prepared to propose, terms of 
alliance with the British Government, while we 
were at war vv'ith them. While I do not deny the 
right of any State at any time to secede from the 
Union, to revoke the ratification of the treaty 
which binds her to the other States; while I say 
it is a clear legal right under the law of nations, 
resulting from the compact, a clear constitutional 
right resulting from the character of the ratifica- 
tions of at least three of the States of this Union ; 
while I do not deny that any State may, at any 
time and under any circumstances, with or with- 
out cause, withdraw from the Union, I do say 
that if, when this Government is engaged in war, 
any one of the States withdraws from the Union, 
and affliates and -enters into an alliance with a 
nation with which we are at war, she rnust share 
the destiny of her allies. And so the Senator from 
rrcnnessec will find as to himself. When a war 
of sections is on, and when we are striking 
for the right, when he secedes from the people 
whom he misrepresents, and enters into an alli- 
ance with Black Republicanism, he will find that 
it is a casus belli at home. 
But, sir, while it would be a cause of war, it 
would bc nothing else. You might coerce the 
Government; you might declare war against the 
State; you might plow her land with artillery, 
and trample it with cavalry; you might put the 
torch to the house of every private individual; 
you might sack their cities; you might destroy 
their property; you might blot the inhabitants 
from the soil of the State; but you would have to 
call it war, for war it would be. You could not 
tyrannicalfy and hypocritically talk of enforcing 
the laws. When the sovereign power ofa State 
that ratifies the Constitution, solemnly, in the 
same manner in which the ratification was made, 
revokes that ratification, as its citizens were bound 
by its act of ratification, and became subject to 
the Constitution and treaties and the laws made 
in accordance with the Constitution , whether they 
assented to it or not, so when that ratification is 
revoked, the treaty ceases to be binding between 
that State and the other States, and the citizens 
arc released from all obligation to obey the laws; 
that State is a foreign nation. That is the whole 
It is the common sense 
law upon the subject. 
upon the subject. You rnust take one horn or 
the other of the dilemma. Talk of not coercing 
a State, but of enforcing thc laws! Take South 
Carolina, for instance. There they have a {TOV- 
ernment. There is no other government dejhcto in 
that State. There is no other authority there that 
deals with life, or liberty, or property. There is 
no other power within the limit of that State that 
passes a law that is regarded by anybody, or 
which anybody dares to observe or obey. 
We are told by the Senator from Tennessee that 
he is only in favor of enforcing the laws, but is 
not for coercing the State I say that that propo- 
If the 
sition is not only absurd, but it is cruel. 
people of South Carolina have not the right of 
self-government; if they have not the right to es- 
tablish such a government as they see fit to live 
under; if such a government is established there 
illegally and wroigfully and unconstitutionally, 
and this Government intends to cnforcc its lasvs 
in derogation of their rights, and in contempt of 
