786 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
The attack alluded to ivas the attack of Web- 
ster.. Mr. Hayne rose to reply to it, and Benton 
way; ai)d afterwards, in the languacre I have 
just i•éad', indorsed what Robert Y. Hayne said 
then in the defense of the doctrine of secession 
In 1830, Felix Grundy was a 
and nu Ilification . 
Senator from Tennessee, the intimate friend of 
Jaeksbn, his exponent, and, I would' 'say, if it 
were not that it might convey an idea that was 
riot complimentary to him, that he was the mouth- 
piece of Jackson. No Tennesseean doubts that, 
what Felix Gyundy then said, Andi•éw Jackson 
then approv&d. 
in 1830, on Fool's resolutions, 
in reply to IVIt•. Webster, and in support of Mr. 
Hayne; Mr. Grundy used this language: 
What, then, is to bg done if Congress pass an act be- 
yond' the limits Of its •constitutional powers, and it is found 
to opeiate upon Virginia? I narne this 
old, leading, Öhampion State, för the purpose of illustrat- 
lug my •argument more clearly. Shall Virginia submit? 
No. She is oppressed—unconstitutionally oppressed. 'I'he 
Gencral Government has declared, in all its departznents, 
'I*he Legislature of Virginia is of 
that the act is binding. 
Has shc no right to say to the General 
a diflörcnt opinion. 
Government, " We did not give ub this posvel• which you 
have exercised ? May she not say, It iS an authority 
you have nsurped Such language has been held 
it was 
done by Virginia and Kentucky, by their resolutions of 
1798 ahd fi99-; and it produced Ibe desired 
'l_'hos-c 
who-Uade.xe.rcised unconstitutional powers were put down, 
aud. the ad:ninistration of Mr. Jetrerson succeeded. 'I'his 
was an appeal to the intelligence and patriotisln of the 
nation, to correct the cvil through the Incdium ot- the elect. 
ive franchise. It prevailed, and will always prevail, un- 
less an- interest exist in the, Inajority at variance with the 
interest of the minority, When that is tbe case, it may 
happen that a- sense Of' justice will be too weak to producc 
ti repeal of the unconstit.utional measure. What then ? 
Sliåll Virginia throw herself out of the Union? No. One 
set agents employed to-act in the Federal Governunent 
have: asserted their autbority and jurisdiction over certain 
subjects, alid they insist on the right to do so. Another, 
acting in the States, insist that the agents the General 
Govcrnnu•.nt have transcended their authority, ingralied 
on the Constitution provisions not origiuaity contained in 
it, and are exercisil'lg the reserved powers of the State. 
beco'nes a mere dispute agents ; the enll)loycrs, thc 
masters, the real sovereigns, have not decided it. 
state of things, shall Virginia sublnit to be dr.•.spoi of her 
S(jvcreignty? Sir. she will not, by subluission, sur- 
rcndcr iier high poi itical charact.er and ; 
rather 
tha do this, her Madisons and Monroes would tOrrret. their 
years, nnd tningte again in political strife ; her Giles ivouid 
lay aside the crutches of decrepitude ; and the 
froin Miline [Mr. Holrnce] would again hear kern-I , cut- 
tin'* voice of tlie Roanoke orator, dividing and separatin•r 
even unto the joints and unarrow. 
If I am to understand any Senator as saying that. a State 
Legislature ean nullify and make void an act ot• 
liniits, dis. 
go rar as tty l)tevent its operation witl)ill 
'I"he Federal Constitution was not received 
sent frotn hiln. 
adopted by thc Leaislatures of the States; the 
r:l'he of a 
ure not elect.ed for such high purposes. 
aspirincr rnen lihigiit rnislead the Legislature when 
culled upon to aet suddenly and unexpectedly. Let the 
in.iurccl and State, then, assurne its highest politi- 
cai altitude—a convention in the State, for the purpose of 
deciding whether the great law which unites 
und bi lids the States together, has be cn violated, 
grt'S* exercised powers reserved to the States, fund 
not delegated tothe General Govertuncnt. lfa false clatnor 
been raised, this measure will put it 
B-late tbere is a politicians, and the 
for au npportunity to put. t.he Inajority 
ity is only Ivaitinrr 
be ill!' called u to act in this 
in the svron". 
sole,rnn rnanner. witl put. the illtelli"enee 01' the 
'IXhc aged, the wise, the experielic•od, 
In unity into action. 
well-tried friend* of the country called into the pub- 
lie service. Such will not lightlv pronounce an aet of 
unconstitutional and void. But, should they upon 
hon.' will the question 
full consideration so declare 
It' the Statc posscs.se.* the power to act, I 
stitr:d ? 
shown, the necessary consequenee that the aet of C.'on- 
('tess :nust cease to operate in the State, and 
inust acquiesce, by abandoning the power, or obtain 
ex press grant. ft•orn the great source t•rcun which all the 
General Governtnent would have 
power* aire drawn. 
,örce. it woolcl be a glaring absurdity to 
right to uge 
suppose that the State had the right to judge of the consti- 
tutionaütv of au act of the Generat Governincnt. and at the 
sarue -tijnc to s•av that Crougre.s,s had the rigat to enforce a 
to tile act. 'f.'hi* would involve palpable con- 
"—Congressional Debates, vol. 6, part l, p. 213. 
tradictiot\. 
It will be seen froth that, that Felix Grundy 
emment, and its -powers and the rights of the 
States, leaving out, the proclamation entirely, I 
come down to the last year of his administration. 
He issued a farewell address; and in that docu- 
ment, upon which he based his reputation with 
posterity, he used this languaøe: 
But tbc Constitution cannot be maintained, nor the 
Union preserved, in opposition to public feeling, by the 
mere exertion of the coercivc powers confided to the Gen- 
erai Government. The foundations must be laid in the 
affections of the people; in the security it gives tolife, Iib- 
erty, character, and property, in every quarter of the coun- 
try, and in the fraternal attachments which thc citizens of' 
thc several States bear to one another as metnbers of one 
politieal f',nnily, mutually contributing to promote the hap- 
Hence, the -citizens of every State 
piness of each other. 
should studiously avoid everything calculated to wound the 
sensibility or offend tuc just pride of the people of other 
States ; and they should frown upon any proceedings within 
their own borders likely to disturb the tranquillity of their 
ticular subject, there issue wasmade, and that 
matter was discussed; and there being a State- 
rights feeling throughout the entire country, the 
federative character was beld up prominently to 
view, and the idea of there beincr nationalism in 
the Constitution was denounced everywhere, Mr. 
Madison wrote, in the thirty•ninth number of the 
Federalist, these words: 
On exaniining the first relation, it appears, on one hand, 
that, the Constitution is to be founded on the assent and 
ratification of- the people of America, given by deputies 
elected for the special purpose; but on the other, that this 
assent and ratification is to be given by the people, not as 
individuals coxnposing one entire nation, but as coniposiilf' 
the distinct and independent States to which they respect- 
ively 
And, because I have said that, my face has been 
laughed in here time and again; because I have 
said that there was no such nation as the people 
political brethren in other portions of the Union. 
II of America; that there were no such people asthe 
count.ry so e»tensivc as the United States, and with pur- 
suits so varied, the internal regulations of the several States 
must frequently diflOr fi•cnn one anotbcr in ünportant par- 
tieulars; and this difference is unavoidably increased by 
the varying principles upon which the A Enerican colonies 
were originally planted—principle.s which had taken deep 
root in t.heir social relations betijre the Revolution, and 
thereiöre, ()t' necessity, influencing their policy since they 
But each State has 
becarne free and independent 
the unquestionable I'lffllt to regulate its own internal con- 
cerns according to its own pleasure; and while it docs not in- 
terrerc with the rights of the people of other States, or the 
rights of the Union, every State Illust be thc sole judge of 
the nreastu•es proper to sccure the saft.ity of its citizens, and 
promote their happiness; and ail efforts on tl')e part of the 
people of other States to cast odium upon their institutions, 
and aki measures calculated to disturb their rights ot• prop- 
crty, or to put in jeopardy their peace and internal tran- 
quillity, are in direct opposition to the spirit in which the 
Union was formed, and rnust endanger its safety." 
He says further: 
Fronn the extent ot•our country, its diversified interests, 
different pursuits, and different habits, it is too for 
argutncnt that a *ingle consolidated Govern enent would be 
wholly inadequate to wateh over and protect its interests ; 
and every friend of our free institut.ions should be always 
uu in! paired and in full vigor. the 
prepared to Inaintain, 
rights and sovereignty of the States, and to confine the ac- 
tion ot• the General Govenunent strictly to the sphere of its 
apprcjpriate du ties." 
This is the last exposition that we have of Gen- 
eral Jackson 's views. Beøinnino• in the year 1797, 
and frorn that time continuously, until the year in 
which he passed from pubiic life, we have an un- 
broken chain of evidence that he was a Republi- 
can according to tho doctrines set forth in the 
people of America; that there were no citizens of 
any such single political community; that a man 
could not bc a citizen of tbc United States, for thc 
simple reason that it is ilnpossible for one to be a 
citizen of a country that has no existence. 
conclusion is perfectly satisfactory t.o me, however 
absurd it may seem to others, that as there is no 
such political corn rnu nit y as the peoplc of the Uni- 
ted States, it is impossible that there can be any 
citizen of the United States; but they are citizens 
of the several States. TR.s is the language of Mr. 
Madison . when he was writing this article to make 
it acceptable to the people of Virginia: 
'Phis assent and ratification is to be given by the people, 
not as individuals composing one entire nation, but as coni- 
posing the distinct and indépende11L States to which they 
it is to bc the assent and ratification 
respectively belong. 
of the several States, derivcd froin the supretne authority 
in each State—tl'le authority of the 
people thernselves, 
'l'he act, therefore, establishing the Constitution, will not 
be a national, but a Federal act. 
'I'llat. iL 'WV ill be a Federal and not a national act, ag 
these tel'lns are understood by the objectors, the act ot• the 
people, as font] ing so rnauy independent States, not. as 
t•onniug one arrryre«rate nation, is obvious this single 
consideration, that it to result nei! hor from the decision 
oc a majority the people of the Union, nor from a ma- 
jo•rity oi• the St'ates. It *nust result the ututnimous as- 
sent of se veral Stat.es that are parties to it, ditün•ing no 
otherwige frotn their ordin'ary assent than in its being ex- 
pressed, not by the legislative autllority, but by that (if the 
people thenlsi.!lves." 
Such was the doctrme of Madison when he 
wrote to make this Constitution acceptable to the 
K on tacky resolutions, snvin(.T and excepting one 
II people of Virginia. But further: Mr. Madison, 
singlo document that he ever signed, and that was 
in the Virginia convention, w heu the Constitution 
the proclamation. Yet this single isolated paper is 
now seized upbn by Black Republicanism, and was assailed, and it was declared that it would 
form a nation, would obliterate State lines, and 
by the Senator from Tennessee; and every doc- 
tunent, every speech, every letter in his life is practically abolish State governments, rose and 
said : 
it-rnored, and the name of .Tackson is here held up 
VVho arc parties to it? [the Constitution.) The. peo- 
in order to Tivc respectability to the doctrines of 
ple; hut not the people as eo:nposing onc body, bul the 
F)arties who are for trampling the Constitution of , 
the country under foot, and denying to the peo- 
ple of these sovereign States the right of self-gov- 
ernment. I pledff('d myself to rescue the name of 
that great man frorn the slanders which have been 
uttered against it, and I have redeemed that pledge. 
Mr. President, a great deal of use has been made 
of the name of Mr. I'vladison. He has been quoted 
I-Ic has been quoted 
by the 'I*cnnessee Senator. 
as authority fot• this bcino• a consolidated Govern- 
ment. Let ine read what he said in the thirty- 
nintll of lhe Federalist, a which was i 
written in order to make t.'Qe Constitution accept- 
able t.o the people of the diiTerent States; and it is 
well that the authority of that paper, or book, as 
it now is, should be well understood. When the i 
convention draftcd the Constitution, and submit- 
ted it' to the different States for their ratification, 
it was not acceptable to a very large number of 
'I'here was the 
the people of the United States. 
people as cmnposiug thirteen sovereiqrnues. VVere it, as 
the genttetnan asserts, a consolidated the 
assent. ot• a rnajority of tile peopke would be sufficient its 
establishrnellt; and as a niajority have it already, 
the remaining States would be bound by the act of' lhe 
jority, even if they unanimously reproljate it. it such 
a Government as is suagestod, it would be now binding OIL 
the people of this State, without having had the privilege 
of deliberating upoil it. But, sir, no State is bound by it, as 
it is, without its own Debates, vol. 
So much as to the character of the Govern ment.. 
Now as to the question of secession, and the un- 
derstanding at the ratification of' Virginia. In this 
same Virginia convention, Mr. James Madison, 
being a member, used this as to the dis- 
I quote from Elliot's 
tinct rie•ht of secession. 
Debates, vol. 9, p. 414: 
"Atl observation fell Cro:n a gentlei-narl on the, saroe side 
attended to. 
with whieli deserves to be 
dissatisfied with the national Governzaellt, jf we Should 
choose to renounce it, this is an additional saiOgaard to 
imrnor•tal Ele,urv, w 110 opposed the ratification by our defense." 
How an additional safeguard to our defc nse r 
advocated then, to the fullest extent, thedoclrine of Virginia to the bitter end. Some of the wisest, 
nullification, odious as it now is to the Senator sox-ne of the most patriotic, son')c of the purest One of the members of the convention had cx 
inen in the different States opposed it, because 
pressed tho idea that they could renounce it at 
from:rennessee. He was then tho Senator from 
they suspected—to use the language of Jahn Ran- 
any tune—a •ent]eman on the same side as him- 
The Senator froin Tennessee who is 
that Stale. 
there was poison under sew, a_rguino• in favor of the ratification. Mr. 
now here said in terms of complimcnt and kind 
II its wing;" that, by construction, powers would be Madison says: yes, I concur; 
and it is an addi- 
ness to the Virginia Senators yesterday, that he 
assumed by the Federal Government which had tional reason for our ratification, because if we 
preferred referring to the opinions of the great 
no ver been intended to be delegated. Under these become dissatisfied with the Constitution in its 
nwn of' Virginia the olden time. I will not it 
the compliment by drawin«r a contrast bc- circumstances, three distinguished men wrote a ptactical operations and bearino, we can renounce 
series of articles anonymously—Mr. Jay, Mr. 
it when ure see fit. 
tween Grundy, tac great Senator from Tennessee, 
and himself. T i'lese wore the doctrines that the W Hamilton, and Mr. Madison. •These newspaper! Now, Mr. President, there is one rule, of con- 
Tennessee Senator in 1830 entertained. The world anicles were circulated through the country. Any struing all wr\tten instrurnents, that is invariable. 
knows what the Senator who at present repre- t,vho will take up the Federalist, and read it It is not tho opinion of the party who draws the 
from beginning to end, will see that thev were instrument, but the opinion of tfioso who Sian it, 
scnts that State advocates. 
Now, sir, with this testimony as to General adapted to their particular loca\ities. Wherever 
that governs; and if vou can ascertain the under- 
Jackson's views of the orvanization of our Gov- there was opposition to the Constitution on a pur- standing of t.he States when they came to ratify 
