788 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
Union,- if we could possibly avoid it. We were 
determined neither to cheatnor to be cheated. " 
We determined to assert clear constituti on al righ ts ; 
to go before the people of the North and the 
South advocating these rights, and to defeat the 
opposition in whatever complexion it presented 
itself, uhder whatever name, under whatever ban- 
ner it might fiffht; and we believed conscientiously 
that We could; that the truth would prevail; and 
that, -in electing a -man Who would abide by the 
C'o-nstitution, and sustain our rights under it, we 
Should not dilly save the Union , but render it worth 
saving. We were defeated in that canvass. I 
Arn- not going to say whose faultit was—certainly 
not ours. Nearly two million men over twenty- 
ohe years of age, in the rion-slaveholding States, 
voted that our property should not be protected; 
that our property Should be confiscated wherever 
this Federéd Government had jurisdiction. We 
were beaten. The opposite party has come into 
power. We gave notice, both North and South, 
that if Abraham Lincoln was elected this Union 
was dissolved. I never made a specch, during 
the whole of the canvass, without asserting that 
fact. I know not how the Tennessee Senator dis- 
cussed these matters, nor what hc said. 
I know 
that in his own Slåte, judging from the newspa- 
pers, he was regarded as a very lukewarm sup- 
porter of his own ticket. 
I know that he was 
repo-rted,in speech at Memphis, to have at least 
countenanced, If.he did notmakc, the very charges 
which' he is now making against us. I know that 
his heart and his sympatl.iies were not with that 
party which seceded at Charleston, ttnd which 
nominated ticket at Baltimore-. It was too sound 
for him. Success, not principle, was the ques- 
tion with him. He would have supported any- 
body. If he did fight the good fight, and keep 
the fäith; if he did enter that canvass earnestly and 
warmly, then his own party friends in Tennessee 
have much misreprcscnted him; 
the party press 
there have misrepresented him; his speech at 
Memphis has been misrepresented, and his whole 
'Ilhese are facts which 
course in that carlvass. 
are known to myself, as well as to everybody else 
who reads tbe newspapers. 
They) , I say that our purpose was not to dissolve 
the Union; but the dire necessity has been put 
upon us. The question is, whether we shall live 
longer in a Union in which a party hostile to us 
in every respect has the power ill Congress, in the 
executi've department, and in the electoral col- 
pafty who will havc the power even in 
the judiéiary. We think it is not safe. We say 
that é,äc.h State has the ctear, indisputable right to 
withdraw if she sees fit; and six of the States have 
already withdfaivn, and one other State is upon 
the eve of withdrawin\Y, if she has Dötah•eady done 
so. How far this will spread, no man can tell. 
The Senator from Tennessee, thouffh, by Way 
of making himself agreeable to his Free-Soil 
allies, and' by way of' keeping 'I'cnucssce fronl 
goil')g with her sisters of the South, asserts that 
thc U I'iion is to be dissolved, he hopes tho 
if 
line w.ill not. be between the non-slaveholding and 
would 
have Ten- 
the slaveholdi1V States. 
nessce tacked to the tail of a Black Republican 
He says that he has seen some- 
where that South Carolina and Mississippi aud 
Louisiana, or some orall of them, are indisposed 
to confederate with any non-s}aveholding State. 
have seen no such cvidencc ITM(seif•, blit he as- 
He says that in- 
serted it. Admit it to be true. 
disposition to confederate with non-slaveholding 
States is the result of a belief that non-slavchold- 
ers are not safe to be trusted with the prot.ection 
of t.hp institution of slavery: ergo, the Senator 
says that, after we have formed a confederation 
of slaveholding States, non-slaveholdcrs in our 
own States will be deprived of all political power; 
fir , says he,- if it is not safe to confederate with 
non-slaveholding States, then it is unsafe to allow 
men who do not own negroes in your own States 
to exercise political power! They talk about the 
f•-lclpcr book; they talk of sixty-eight Black 'Re- 
publicans sieninff it. I have never read it; I havc 
seen sorne extracts from it, and I apprehend they 
are the most offensive in it; but wil_l say this 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. F00T.) 
Order. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Sir, does he wish an 
pressible„gonflict," in our own country? Does he 
Wish to prejudice the slaveholder againSt the non- 
slaveholder, and the non-slaveholder against the 
slaveholder? Who, except Helper and the Black 
Republicans, have ever supposed there was any 
conflict between our own people, bono cach of the 
other's bone and flesh of the other's flesh, born 
on the same soil, descended from the same ances- 
try, with the same glorious memories of the past 
transmitted to them from their sires who fought 
for the establishment of liberty in this country ? 
Who bu t a Black Republican , or a renegade south- 
erner and Helperité, has ever dared to assert such 
a slander on the people of the South, either slave- 
holders or non-slaveholders? Who but such a 
man ever dared to say that the slaveholders ever 
distrusted their breth pen? Who has over hinted 
that the non-slaveholders were not as sound to the 
South on this question as those who owned the 
most? So far as my cxperience goes, I can say 
that throughout the broad litnitsof the southern 
country the soundest mcn I know are non-slave- 
holders. Ei"hey fecl and they know the facts as 
they are presented to them, and the issues as they 
now stand; and demao•cpism will not be able, 
except at the risk of its neck, to raise any such 
issue in any slaveholding State. 
Who are interested in the matter? Slaveholders 
are men of enlarged ideas, of education, and of 
property; for no man who holds slaves owns 
slaves alone; he must own land, horses, and pos- 
sessions, chattels of different kinds When the 
day comes that four and a half million Africans 
are turned loose, free in our country, the slave- 
holders will have the means and the ability and 
the inclination to Icave the country—and leave it 
they will. Who will be left to contest the palm 
with these emancipated slaves of African race ? 
Who but the non-slavcholders? The man who 
has a srnall farm, with a wifi.) and to sup- 
port on it; who has lived nowhere else; who has 
ncvcr bccn beyond the limits of his own country, 
of education, is there a fixture, and he 
has to stay; and he has to contest the question 
of ec;uality with the African. These men cannot 
be Ictd by thc nose by demao•ogism. They will 
listcn not to appeals against those who are more 
fortunate than themselves in the world 's goods. 
They know that in the veins of slaveholders runs 
Therefore, sirrah, with a new wound in thy thigh, come 
you along with me." 
[f your father 
will do mé honor, so , if not, let him kill the next Percy 
himself. look to be cither earl or dukes 1 can assure you." 
But he rose here and denounced JEFFERSON 
Davrs as a disunionist per se! That charge was 
once made against that gallant soldier. He is nb- 
sent. I feel that I can speak of him, because he is 
a friend, and because i know him to be worthy of 
the language which I shall use. A man who from 
his youth upwards has followed the flag of his 
country, and would follow it to the death as long 
as it was the flag of his country; who never deserted 
it; whose blood -was shed in its defense; whose 
body would have been wrapped in its broad folds 
had he died in defending it—that man here dc- 
nounced as a traitor, the ally of Abolitionists, the 
coadjutor of Phillips and Giddings, and men of 
that character! The slander was uttered when 
DANIIs was not here to resent it. •Why, sir, of the 
four-footed beasts, it is said that the jackal preys 
only upon the carcasses that his royal master has 
It belongs to our own species to feed upon 
the dead lion himself. DAvrs gone. He is not 
here to resent it.. That charge was once Inade 
against him, and he answered in emphatic lan- 
] guage; he answered in monosyllables; and it is 
the answer that would have been made again here 
upon this floor, had the charge been made during 
his presence. From whatever source it might 
havc come, thus he would have answered to prince 
or peer, or plebeian, from Highland or from Low- 
land, from far or from near, 
Lord Angus, thou hast lied." 
[Applause in the galleries.] No bosom ever 
containcd a heart— 
PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. in 
the chair.) The Chgir takes this occasion to 
announce, that on a repetition of the offense in the 
galleries, they will be cleared forthwith. 
Several SENATORS. Clear them now. 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 that the galleries 
, on the right of the Chair be cleared. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved 
that the Chair direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to clear 
the galleries to the right of the Chair. 
The motion was aorecd to. 
The PRESIDINGäOFFICER. The Sergeant- 
at-Arms will see that the galleries on the right of 
the Chair arc cleared forthwith. The order will 
be executed without delay, and all business of the 
Senate will be suspended until the order is exe- 
tl'leir own blood; that one son has squandcred his cuted. 
estate, and another has husbanded it; that one i The Sergeant-at-Armsproceeded to execute the 
who was once. a non-slavehold6r l)ecome a order. 
slaveholder, and cice tersc. They feel and they Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose it is in order for 
kilow that they are citizens of their own State. 
i me to move to reconsider that motion. I have 
They know and they feel that they arc freemen. been here f'or many weeks, and I hear applause 
They know' and they feel that they have an in- 
every day dozens of times. 
It was done acrain 
alienable right of self-government, and they intend and again yesterday and the day before, and 1 de- 
to assert it; and when the question is presented 
to those n-icn, of whcthcr they will fio•ht for ne- 
o•roes now, or fight ncm•oes hereafter, they will 
not bc long in deciding that que.étion. Helperism 
will not distract and divide the truc and loyal men 
of the South, 
in this our day of darkness and of 
dansrer. 
'Iihe Scnator from Tennessee says that the cot- 
ton States will not bc able to give any protection 
to the border States, arid that we of the cotton 
States wish to make war upon Mexico, and to o•ct 
the Virginians and Tennesseeans and Kentuck- 
inns to-do our fiubting,and to furnish us tng money. 
Who told him that we, wanted to make war upon 
Mexico ? Which of his Black Republican friends 
has communicated this secret to him? 
I never 
heard of it. On t.he contrary, I know the reverse 
to be true; that it wili be as much as we can do to 
attend to our ()svn affairs. W c have no use for 
Mexico. We cannot colonize it. We have no 
surplus slavc population. So fur as Texas is con- 
cerncd„she can receive, for years to come, the 
whole surplus slave population, and till profitably 
It is another Black Republican 
her ferliie soil. 
slander that gets up and dares to announce in 
the prosence of southern men. 
I-lc waited, pa- 
tiently waited, for six long weeks, until BENJA- 
MIN and I) & a.nd others left, and then he rose 
I to reply to their speeches. Why did he not an- 
thing for Helper: that he never has devised, he 
has ncvcr imacrined, he has never written any- swerthcmwhen thcy were present? When honest 
thing, that was more unsound and treasonable to Jack Falstaff, havhpcounterfeited death, rose and 
sire, theretöre, a uniform rule on the subject. 
If 
men are to be applauded on one side, I thillk it 
perfectly fair that they should upon the other. I 
therefore make my motion to reconsider. 
Mr. MASON. I hope it Will not be reconsid- 
I cred. The galleries were once cleared, and I think 
II with beneficial results; and I hope they will be 
I i cleared again. 
Mr. KING. I hope the order will be proceeded 
with. 
Mr. MASON. Let the order be executed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
' from North Carolina tnoves to reconsider the order. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 am indifferent about it. 
I am in favor of seeing order preserved generally; 
but I observe whenever a man speaks in favor of 
the Union and there is applause, no exception is 
taken to it. 
Mr. COLLAMER. Irise to a point of order. 
i Did the Senator vote in the affirmative? 
Mr. CLINGMAN. There was no division. I 
ii did not vote at all.- Ifthe Senator makes the point, 
I have said ali I desire to say, and he may regard 
I the motion as withdrawn. 
Mr. MASON. Let the be executed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is 
withdrawn, and the order is in process of execu- 
tion. 
I Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee. 
I am in hopes 
that the order will be suspended. Oh, no. 
Mr. POWELL. retiring 
the South, than the sentiments which the Senator 
of a slaveholdino• Sta•e has uttered upon this floor. 
said: 
[Applause in the galleries.] 
Wii'/ *nay he not rise as as 
found " gunpowder Percy " lying near him, he I suppose that order will not extend to them. 
Mr. CHANDLER. My motion was, that the 
galleries on tho right of the Chair be cleared. 
