1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
789 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair ex- 
pressly excepted the ladies gallery, and gave the 
order according to the motion : to clear the galleries 
on the right of the Chair. 
Mr. G WIN. Is it in order to move to adjourn. 
Oh, no." J I do not see that we are making 
much headway in the process of clearing tho gal- 
leries. 
The alleries having been cleared, 
The BRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate 
will come to order. The order of the Senate for 
clearing the galleries on the right of the Chair, 
having been executed, the Senator from Texas 
will proceed with his remarks. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, 1 was 
ing, at the time, of the interruption, of the distin- 
guished Senator from Mississippi, and what more 
I might have said I do not. know; it has escaped me. 
I did fee}, sir, deeply grieved—not only grieved, 
but indignant, when a man of his character was 
held up herc to reprobation by a Senator from a 
southern State; a man who, more perfectly than 
any have ever met, combines all the great qual- 
ities of Jackson and Calhoun. With the iron 
will, pure patriotism, and distinguished military 
abilities of the one, he combines in the most sin- 
gular manncr, thc clearness of j l.tdgment, the won- 
derful sagacity, and tho remarkable accuracy in 
his knowlcd(re of the great constitutional ques- 
tions that are acritating thé country, of the ot.he.r. 
I felt. it, therpfore, an outrage that the Senator 
should wait hero for six weeks, and make a cas- 
ual remark of that Senator a subject of comment, 
and couple it with denunciatioil and charges of 
want of patriotism. 
As to Mr. Benjamin, and the sneers at him and 
his being a lawyer, he needs no defense at rny 
hands. My relations towards him have not been 
so personally intirnate and close as those with the 
Senator from Mississippi, and I therefore felt less 
indignant at that. The mousing ow} will strike 
at the eagle in his towering flio•ht without disturb- 
ing the proud bird; and I Ceci thero is no occasion 
to defend the reputation of Mr. Benjamin, his 
capacity to comprehend either an act of Congrcss 
or a treaty of the United States, or to draw legit- 
imate conclusions, such as a lawyer does draw. 
His arouments on such questions need no defense. 
But the point from which I was diverted was, 
that tho cotton States desire, not from any good 
fce}inæ, but for their own protection, to precipi- 
tate these border States into a revolution. The 
charge is groundless. That we feel sympathy 
With these border States, that we nave similur in- 
stitutions, that we desire that our destinies should 
be the same, is true; but what is there to prevent 
us, not only from asserting, but carrying oat to 
its legitimate conscquenccs, our separate State 
existence? With exports (o the amount of hun- 
drcds of millions of dollars, our imports must, bo 
States have left this Union, and others are going 
to leave it, simply because they choose to do it; 
that is all. Mel e do not ask your consent; do 
not wish it. We have rcvokcd our ratification of 
the treaty commonly known as the Constitution 
of the United States; a treaty for common defense 
and general welfare; and we shall be perfectly 
•willing to enter into another treaty with you of 
peace and amity. Reject tbc olive branch and 
offer us thc sword, and we accept it; ',ve have not 
the slightest objection. Upon that subject we feel 
precisely as thc great Lowndes felt upon 
another important subject, the Presidency, which 
he said was neither be sought nor declined. 
TV hen you invade our soil look to your own 
I borders You say that you have too many peo- 
plc, too many towns, too dense a population, for 
us to invade you. I say to you, Scnators, t 
there is nothing that ever stops the march 
invading force, except a desert. 'Ithe more opu- 
lous a country, the more easy it ist s sist-an 
army. 
'l'hcrc are some other matters that we under- 
stand, and possibly you do not. Not only are 
our non-slaveholders loyal, but even our negroes 
are. We have no apprehension whatever of in- 
not the slightest. M,Te can arm our 
surrection— 
neo•rocs, and loave them at. home, when we are 
temporarily absent. T_hat is a fact. You cannot 
In thesc rnodern 
steal negroes in a carnnaitrn. 
t.ilnes, when armies mai•cll, tlc:e.y carry as little 
ba2gtvve, as possible. Sineo Napoleon adopted the 
bivouackino• system, very little is carried , 
and movements and quick chan of posi- 
I tion are the important poi at.s Lhat every military 
conunanclcr looks to. W c feel assured that you 
will never cross our border with equipaoe 
than will be necessary to carry your sick and 
wouruled. You will not be able to have tllat 
amount of transportation which will be necessary 
to bring off many of our necrrocs. Without it, 
you cannot bring the womcn and childrcn; and 
the mcn will not leave their wives. But suppose 
you could; suppose you could steal one hundred 
thousand in a sinffle campaifft'l: w hul is that to 
us? We have four tnillion ar)d a half, and it 
would cost you morc to feed them than it would 
us to lose them. 
-we may as well talk plainly about this matter. 
This is probably the last time I shall have an 
opportunity of addressino you. There is another 
thing an Invading arnoy cannot do. It cannot 
i burn up plantations. You can pull down fences, 
but the neoroes put t.hQlH up the next morn- 
r I'he worst fuel that ever a Inan undertook 
it will not burn. 
to make fire witli is dirt.; 
Now, i liavc told you what an invading army 
cannot do. 
ket price it has been at for years past. We shall 
import a bale of something else föÉ.eVery bale of 
cotton that We cxport, and that bale Will bé Worth 
fifty dollars. We shall find ho diffcült-y under a 
war tariff in raisino• an fibundance Of mo'ney. We 
have beeri at peace for a véi•y long time. We 
very prosperous. Our planters use their cotton, 
not to buy the necessaries of life, but for the Sli- 
perfluitieswhicb they can do witho•ut. Thé States 
themselves have a mine of wealth in the loyart-y• 
and the wealth of their citizens. Georgia, Mis- 
sissippi, any one of those States can issue its SIX 
per cent. bonds to-morrow, apd receive cotton in 
payment to tbc extent almost of the entife crop. 
They pan first borrow from their own citizens; 
they can tax them to an almost unlimited extent; 
and they can raise revenue from a tariff to an 
almost unlimited extent. 
How will it be withi Now EnTland? Where 
'rom your cus- 
will their revenue come from? 
tom-houses? What do you export? You have 
been telling us here for the last quarter of a cen- 
tury, that you cannot manufactui•c cv.én for the 
I horne Inarket under the tariffs which we have 
given you. When this tariff ceases to operate 
your favor, and you have to pay foi• coming 
into our what will you export? MT hen 
machinery ceases to move, and your ope- 
your 
ratives are turned out, will you tax your broken 
capitulist or your starvino operative? MT hen the 
navigation laws cease to operate, what will be- 
conM-) Of your shipping interest? You are going 
to blockade our ports, you say. That is a very 
innocent game; and you suppose we shall Sit 
I speak 
quietly down and submit to a blockade. 
not of the foreign interference, for we look not to 
it. We arc just as competent to take Queen Vic- 
toria and Louis Napoleon under our protection 
as they are to take us; and they are a great deal 
more interested to-day in receiving cotton from 
our ports than we are in shipping it. You may 
lock up every balc Of' cotton within the limits of 
the eight cotton States, and not allow us to ex- 
port obc for three years, and we shall not feel it 
further than our military resources are concerned. 
Exhaust the supply of cotton in Europe for one 
week and all Europe is in revolution. 
These are facts. You will blockade us! Do 
you suryose we shall do nothing, even upon the 
sea? How many letters of' marque and reprisal 
would it take to put the whole of your ships up 
at your wharvcs to rot? Will any merchant at 
Havre, or Liverpool, or anv other portion of the 
habitable globe, ship u cargo upon a New Eng- 
land, or New York, or Pliiladclphia clipper, or 
other ship, when he knows that the seas are 
with letters of marque and reprisal ? 
cut you out of tbc carrying trade of the civilized 
An invading at•yny in I 
tell you what if, can do. 
it is a very different question from that 
world. 
I an enemy's country, w hore is a dense population, 
. cawi subsist itself' at a very little cost; it does not between this Government, Great Britain, and 
the, same. With a lighter tariff than any 
evcr undertook to live under, we could have n 
larger revenue. We would be able to stand di- 
rcct taxation to a greater extent than any people 
ever could before, since the creation of the world. 
feel perfectly competent to meet all issues 
that may be presented, either by hostility from 
abroad or treason at home. So fär as the border 
States are concerned, it is a matter that concerns 
them alone. Should they confederate with us, 
beyond ull doubt New England machinery vvill 
be worked with the water power of Tennes- 
sce, of Kentucky, of Virginia, and of Maryland; 
the tariff laws that now give New England thc 
monopoly in the thirty-three States, or that did 
when there wore thirty-three States, will give to 
these hovder States a monopoly in the slavehold- , 
ing States. Should the nod-slaveholding States 
choose to side a•ainst us in orcanizing their Gov- 
ernments, and cling to their New Engiand breth- 
ren, the only result will be, that the moat, the 
horses, the hemp, and the grain, which we now 
buy in Pennsylvania, in Ohio, in Indiana, and 
Ii}inois, will be purchased in Kentucky and in 
western Virginia a.nd in Missouri, Should Penn- 
sylvania stand out. the oniy rcsult wiEl be, that 
alwrays pay for what it gets. An invading army 
can burn down towns; an invading artny can burn 
down manufactories; und it can starve operatives. 
It can do all these things; but an invading army 
and an army to defend a country both require a 
military chest. You rnay bankrupt every man 
south of North Carolina, so thal his credit is re- 
duced to such a point that he could not discount 
I a note for thirty dollars, at thirty days; but tbc 
next autumn those cotton States will have just as 
much Inoney ar)d as much credit as they had bc- 
fore. They pick money off the cotton plant. 
Evcry time that a negro touches a cotton pod with 
his hand, hc pulls a Piece of silvct• out of it, and 
he drops it Into the basket in which it is carried 
It is carried to the packing 
to the gin-housc. 
scre•vv. A balc of' cotton rolls out, in other words, 
I five ten dollar gold pieces roll out, covered with 
France, during the last war, when they were in- 
I törfél'ino with our trade, we claiming the right to 
trade as neutrals as long as we did not carry arti- 
Here is war itself-. I 
cles colitrabal]d of war. 
speak not of the absurdity of the position that 
you can blockade our ports, admitting at the 
same time that we are in the Union. Blockade 
is a remedy, as all writers on international law 
say, aRainst a foreign Power with whom you are 
at war. You cannot use a blockade against' your 
awn people. An embargo even, you cannot use. 
'l'hat is a remedy against a foreign nation with 
whom you expect to be at war. You must treat 
us either us in the Union or out of it. YVe have 
gonc out. We are willing to live at peace with 
you; but as sure as fate, whenever any flag comes 
into one of our ports that has thirty-three stars 
that. will be fired at. Displaying a 
upon it, 
canvass. V%Te shall never acain make jess than flag with stars which we haVe plucked from that 
i bright galaxy, is fin insult to the State within 
fivo million bales of cotton. 
it is true, the President of the United States I whose waters that flag is displayed. You cannot 
says that the good crops l,ve had last, year, and enforce the laws without coercion, and you cannot 
The. people are the State, 
the health of the country, were dependent upon coerce without war. 
I the Union. I do not agree with him in that. In aj)d the State is the people; and t.he States have 
the first place, we had but a very poor crop; and asserted their independence, and they will pro- 
if t.he only blessimys we are to get frorn the Union tect thei 
the iron which is no iv dug in Pennsylvania will be 
These matters, then, can be settled. How? Bv 
dug in the mountainsofTcnnessee and of Vil'ffinia are such seasons as we had last year, we had 
but we honcstly think the withdrawinff your troops; admitting our right df 
and of Kentucky and of North Carolina. These better get out of it; 
President was mistaken in supposing either that self-govern tnent clearly, unqualifiedly, Do this, 
things we know, 
We feel no anxiety at all so Cur as money or the health of the people or thecottoncrop depends and thcrcisno difficulty aboütit. Yousaythatyou 
are concerned. desire vvar with nobody; 011 our being ill the Union. These are facts. wili not do it. Very well; we. have no objection— 
we intend LO make no war; but we intend to five i i can produce five million l.)ales Q? cottori. ever v none whatever. That is coercion. When you have 
attenjpted i! , you win find that you have madr war 
under just such a Government as we see fit.. Six i i bale worth fifty dollars, which is the lowest Inar- 
