1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
793 
ing; but I know something of the duties con- 
nected with the office. 
Mr. NIBLACK. As far as the chief clerk is 
concerned, I beg to say that he is required to give 
bonds; and heavy responsibilities are imposed 
upon him under existing law. 
Mr. COX. I shall take the action of the Com- 
mittee on Patents, who I know have examined 
this bill carefully. I think the bill ought not to 
go by the board for the sake of a little economy. 
It would look too much like the savings •of can- 
dle ends and cheese parings. The librarian has 
to perform more duties than are apparent. He is 
not simply the custodian of books. He hus to 
read proof of the Patent Offce report—a long, 
tedious labor. Hc has to translate from the mod- 
ern, sornotimes from the ancient, languages. He 
has to examine all the patent oflice reports of for- 
pio•n countries whenever he is called upon to do 
so by the examiners. This requires great erudi- 
tion, great patience. T I-re librarian must be a 
fine linguist, to perform his duty properly. He 
has also charge of the interchange of national 
books between Europe and this country. He has, 
moreover, i believe, the indexing of the Patent 
Office reports, and other reports connected -with 
the offce. Besides these duties, he must give his 
regular attendance, day by day, at the Patent 
Office; and I know we are paying other clerks 
more than $1,800 for services nothing like so im- 
portant as those of the librarian of the Patent 
Office. 
Mr. CARE Y. I hear precisely tho same argu- 
mcnts always used whenever it is proposed to 
raise salaries. Nine tenths of the heads of bu- 
reaus of this Government leave almost their entire 
business to be done by a clerk, and their ownduty 
is nothing mörc than mere supervision. Yet you 
continue to raise the compensation because the 
business increases, but you also increase the num- 
bcr of clerks to three or four times the increase of 
I know that in the last month a great 
business. 
many morc clerks have been employed in the Pat- 
ent Office than there has been employment for; 
I have this from the head of the department. Yet 
we are talking about raising the compensation of 
offcers at a time when the Government is lying 
at the mercy of stock-jobbers. Members talk verv 
differently here about raising the salaries of om- 
cers from the speeches they mako on the stump, 
I want it to be under- 
before their constituents. 
stood that I advocate the same principles and 
measures here that I do to my own people. 
my judgment, thc tröubles of the country at this 
very day arise, to a very great, extent, from the 
struggles for oflicc, in consequence of there being 
protest against ad- 
so much moncy in them. 
vancing the pay of any officer one (loilar. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 will say to the gentleman 
that the increase of salary is to como from the 
Patent Oflicc fund, and that not a dollar will come 
out of the 'l'reasury. 
Mr. CARE Y. It makes not a bit of difference 
from what fund it comes, the Government will 
have to pav it. 
Mr. NIBLACK. I cal! for the previous ques- 
tion on the bill and amelidments. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main quest-ion ordered to be• put. 
is due to such peyson from the time the offcer by whom, 
was ordered. I hope thc House will put the bill 
or under whom, such elaim is made, became entitled to 
in a position where it can be amended. 
said half pay until the day of 'his-death. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio 3. enacted, That it be, the 
will remember that the order of the House for the duty of the Secretary of the the; amount 
due to any officer has been ascertained as 
main question has been only partially executed ; 
until it has been fully executed thé motion would 
not be in order, as the Chair supposes. 
Mr. STANTON. I suppose it x,vould be of no 
use to make the motion after the order has been 
fully executed. 
The amendment was agreed to 
The second amendment of the committee was 
read, as follows : 
Add as a separate section, as follows : 
SEC. 2. .and be it further enacted, 'I'hat any citizen or 
citizens, or alien or aliens, having resided one year in the 
Unitéd States, and taken the oath ot- his or their intention 
to become a citizen, who, by his, her, or their own indus- 
try, genius, eflörts, and expense, may have invented or 
produced any new and original design for a manutäcture, 
whether of metal or other Inateriai or matcrials, or any 
new and original design for the printing of woolen, silk, 
cotton, or other fabrics, or any new and original design for 
a bust, statue, or bas relief, or composition in alto or basso 
relicvo, or any new and oriuinal ilnpres.eion or ornament, 
or to he placed on any article of Inanui'acture, the same 
being fonned in tnarble or other material, or any nc,w and 
useful pattern, or print, or picture, to be either worked into 
or worked on, or printed, or painted, or cast, or dtbcrwise 
fixed on, any article of nmnufacture,or any ncs,v and ori- 
ginal shape or configuration of any afticle of Jnanufäcture, 
not known or used by others betörc her, o t 
vention or production thereof, and prior to t.hc time or his, 
her, or their application for a patent therefor, and who 
shall desire to obtain an exclusive, property or right t.hercin 
and sell, and vend the sarnc, or copies 01' the 
to Inakc, 
samc, to others. by them to he made, used, and sold, Illay 
Inake application, in writing, to the Comrnissioner of Pat- 
ents, expressin«v such desire ; and the Comtnissioner, on 
due proceedings had, may grant a patent thercfor, as in the, 
case now of application for a patent, for the term of three 
and one half years, or för the tern) of seven years, or for 
the term of iöurtcen years, as the said applicant. Inay elect 
in his application : Provided, 'Phat the toe to be paid in 
such application shall be, för the tenn or three years and six 
Inonths ten dollars, tor seven years fifteen dollars, and for 
fourteen years thirty dollars : und provided, rl'hat the pat- 
cntees of designs under this act shall be entitled to the ex- 
tension of their respective patents, for tbe term of seven 
said patents shall expire, 
years from the day on which 
upon the same tenns and restrictions as are now provided 
for the extension of letters patent. 
The amendment was adopted. 
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third 
reading; and it was accordingly read the third 
time. 
Mr. PHELPS. As this bill provides for an 
incrcasc of salary to a considerable exlenl., I will 
I have no 
move to lay it on the table. 
the motion will bc agreed to. But this is the only 
way I can make appear my opposition •to this 
fcaturc of the bill. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
The hill was then passed. 
Mr. COX moved to the votc by 
the salne as hereinatter directed, t$f.er deducting thcrefrom 
act of Congress, or under the resolution of the 22d of March, 
1783, and all sums received by such oncer as.pay:under 
the aet of May 15, 1828. 
SEC. 4. dud. be it further enacted, That the benefit of the 
resolut.ion of the 24th of August, extended to 
the widows and lineal descendants of-ali offOers •embraced 
therein who died the service at any_ petiod -duiing the 
war of the Revolution. 
SEC. 5. and be it further enacted, That the benefits and 
provisions of the act of Congress entitied An -act in addi- 
tim to certain acts granting bounty land to certain officers 
and soldiers who have been engaged in the military service 
of toe United States," approved March 3, 1855, and the 
amendment thereto of May 14, 1856, Shall be, and the same 
are hereby, extended to the surviving child or childrefi of 
the persons narned in said acts, who served in the war of 
the Revolution in the *nan ner therein specifigd, and who 
did not desert or "'ere not dishonorably discharged from the 
service; aud such surviving child or children shall -bc en- 
titled to receive fram the DepartmentoC tlie Interior a war- 
rant för one hundred and sixty acres of land ; and if there 
be surviving tnorc .t.han one child of said deceased parents, 
cach of said surviving children shall be entitled to receive 
a warrant {Or eighty instead of one hundred and sixty acres 
of land, whether they may be over or under twenty-one 
years of age : Provided, 'l'hat in no case shall any such cer- 
titicate or warrant be issued to any 1)Yty. claizning the -same 
by virtue of t.bis act, unless the service shall have 
been or may he established by record evidence, or in the 
filanner provided in the second section of said act of May 
14, nor shall this fifth section extend to any party provided 
Lör by the first, sect.ion of this act. 
SEC. 6. it further enacted, That it shall be the 
duty of the Secvetary of the Treasury, under the direction 
and with the approbation of the President of the. United 
States, to prescribe such rules of evidence as may be ne- 
cessary to carry into effect the provisions of this act, accord- 
intr to its true intent and meanin«r. 
SEC. 7. ,Hnd be it further enacted, That ail payments 
made by authority ofthis act shall be without interest. 
SEC. 8. and be it. j:wrtloer enacted, That, jn every case, 
the said accounting offccr, before he shall order any clailn 
to be paid, shall require satisfactory proof* tlitü the person 
or persons in whose name tbc same may be presented is or 
arc the bona jide owner or owners thereof, and that the 
clailn has not been sold, transferred, or mortg#ged, or any 
part thereof, to any person or ',vhoansoever ; and all 
sales, transfers, mortgages, or plcd"és of uny such claims 
are hereby declared void and of no' effect whatsoever. 
SEC. 9. and, be it furth,cr enacted, That mates 
shall be entitled to thc benciit of' tbc resolution of the 17th 
and rcccive the sa:ne pay as 
I of Jauuary, 1781, 
physicians and suraeons. 
SEC. 1(). Jl,nd be it further enacted, That all persons who 
apply and rcccive the bcncfit of this act, shall receive 
the same in {'ull satisfitct,ion oc all claims under any ot the 
resolutions of Congress hereinbeföre recited, and for ail 
losses aliegcd to hai'C been sustaine(l by (lepreeiation in the 
value or tli() certificates received as comenutation under 
the resolution o!' Congress of the 22d of Niarch, 1783. 
SEC. 11. and. bc it. further enacted, 'I'hatall claims which 
shall be afiowed under the first section of this act shall be 
paid to the officer, if alive, and if he be dead, to his ehiid 
, or children equally, the issue of any deceased child taking 
alli01jg thcnu the share of their deceased parents ; amt if 
which tl)e bill passcd ; arid also moved to lay there be no lineal descendant, then to the next of kin of 
tho motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was ao•reed to. 
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS. 
such deceased officer. 
I SEC. 12. .nnd bc it further enacted, That the Secretary of 
the 'I'reasury, instead of paying dir.ecUy to the parties, as 
provided in section eleven, unay, in Ilis discretion, and un- 
der such rules and regulations as he shall prescribe, pay the 
Mr. CURTIS. Is it in order at this time to el'dilns allowed under this act to an administrator, execu- 
tor, or curator of such deceased oiüccr, ror the sole and 
move to take up the Pacific railroad bill ? 
oxciusivc benefit of his child or children, 01' their descend- 
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con- 
alits, or next of' kin, to bc distributed annong them accord- 
ing to thc provisions of section eleven of this act ; and the 
same shall not be considered as part of the assets of said 
Mr. FENTON. 1 califortho regular of 
estate, nor applied to the payment of the debts of said estate 
busincss. 
; in any case whatsoever. 
The SPEAKER. The order of busi- 
SEC. 13. dad bc it further enacted, That the Secretary of 
The SPEAKER stated the first question to be ness is the reception of reports of committees, 
the 'Ih•casnrv Inay, ill hie discretion, and is hereby author- 
cornrnencinso• with the, Committee on Revolution- i izcd to pay ihe claims allos,.ved by this act in stock of the 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from I 
United States, which shai\ be issued for the amount of each 
Indiana, [Mr. NIBLACK.] 
and all sun's which Inay be 16und due said claimants under 
ary Pensions. 
MP. PI•IELPS. Will the gentleman permit me Mr. FENTON. I am instructed by the Com- 
this act, iu such atnounts as said Secretary shali deenl 
miLtee on Revolutionary Claims to introduce a proper, payable ia fitteen years from their date, with inter- 
to offer an amendment? 
N'lr. NIBLACK. I cannot jeopard the bill bv bill to provide for the settlement of the claims of est at tbc rate of six per centum per annul", and nxadepay- 
yielding for further amendment. 
the ofliccrs and soldiers of the revolutionary 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire, then, if the I 
army, and of the widows and children of those 
gentleman fronl Ohio did not offer an umcndment 
who died in the service. 
to strike out the provision for increasing sala- 
Mr. FENTON. I call for the previous ques- 
Mr. STANTON. i was not aware that it 
would thcn bc in order to offer an amendment. I II tion on the f-n-rrrossment and third reading of the 
desire that such an amendment shall be adopted. 
It is as follows: 
The hill was read. 
Mr. N IDLAc.K's mnendment was agreed to. 
of' the of thc 
Be it enacted, $c., 'I"hat the offer 
Revolution who were entitled to ha\t• pay fin• lifc, under (hc 
The first amendment of the Committee on Pat- 
resolu t,ions of Congrcss of the aud 21st of October, 1780, 
onts was read, as follows: 
the ]7t.h or January, 17Si, thc 8th of Nl•av, tt'e 31st of 
1781. aud the Sth of IMarc15, *hail 
Strike out of section ten [which fixes the fees on appli- 
_i)ocernber, 
such o flicer 
tlcd to receive the saine. ali.houzh 
cation tar patents, as follows : 
On every application för a patent for a design, fifteen II 
bv certificates or otherwise 
rece.tvcd in li Cu i', 
of pay iive years uunler the resolution 
Mr. STANTON. For the purpose of er)ablincr of the 2•2d of March. 
2. wand be it further enact,cd, That it. be 
to n'love to strike out the provision which in- 
duty the proper accouiiüng oiiiC( r oti the. '_l'reasnrv, 
app}ifhl that. purpose by an v pe rs•on the ben- 
creases t}le salaries of cfiicers, I will move to 
reconsider the vote by which the matn question I i efits of this act, or his or her guardian, to aseeriuill 
, or their lcgakl_v authorized attorneys, or either of them, 
to the twelfth section of this act, as soon as said 
several cluiius have been allowed by the aft.n•esaid 
accounting ofticcr: Pronidcd, rrhat said stock shall bc rc- 
deenned at: such a time as Congress shall xnake an appro- 
priat.ion therefor. and not sooner. 
SEC. 14. vand it. further enacted, That the faith of' the 
United States is hereby pledged the due payment of' the 
interest, and of the principai of tbc stock which 
Inn y be issued under the authorit.y of this act. 
15. 02nd be it furrther enacted, That. this act shall 
continue and he ill force the tenn of ten years, and no 
longer ; and a!! c!'tritns not presented, with tbe evidence of 
their adjt.ld icati01i. within that time, *hail be fbrevér barred. 
SEC. 16. and be it .Turther cnae,tcd, That the decision of 
the accounting ()fiicer shall be final and conclusive. 
I make the point . order 
Mr. ANCH. 
. that the bifl, under the rule, must.of necessity go 
to the Committee of the MI hole on tke state of t.hc 
, because it contains ari appropriation. 'The 
attempt to evade the rule bv the provision the 
