1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
795 
have been divided, by the electors of each district having 
the qualifications requisite for electors of the Inost nulner- 
branch cf the State Legislature. A majority of all the 
electors in each of the tour sections in this article fh'tab- 
lished, shall be necessary to the choice of President and 
Vice President; and the concurrence of a Inajority of the 
States of ench section Shail be necessary to the choice of 
President by the House of Representatives, and of the Sen- 
ators from eaeh section to the choice of Vice President by 
the Senate, whenever the right of choice shall devolve upon 
thetu respectively. 
SEC. 4. The President and Vice President shall hold their 
otlices each during the term of six years ; and neither shall 
be eligible to more than one term except by the. votes of tsvo 
thirds of all the electors ot'eacll section, or of the States of 
each section, whenever the right ofchoice of President shall 
devolve upon the House, of Rcprcsentaüves, or of 1.110 Scn- 
ators from each section, whenever the right of choice of 
Vice President shall devolve upon the Senate. 
SEC. 5. Conuress snail by law provide for the case, 
of a failure by the {louse of Representatives to choose a 
President, and of the Senate to choose a Vice Presi(lcnt, 
whenever tho right of choice devolve upon thetn rc- 
spectively, dccfariug what officer shall then act as President, 
and such oiiiccr shiill act accordingly until a President shall 
bc elected. Congress shaii also provide by law Ibr a 
special election for President and Vice President in such 
ease, t.o be held and completed Ivithin six months f'rorn t.he 
expiratiori of the tenn of ofiicc of the last preceding I.»resi- 
(tent, and to be conducted jn all respects as provided (Or in 
the Constitution regular elections of the sarne officers, 
exeept. that if the House Representatives not choose 
a President, should the right of choice devolve upon them, 
within twenty (lays from the opening of the cerüticates and 
count.ing of the electoral votes, then the Vice President shall 
act as President, as in the case of the death or other consti- 
"i'he terni of oilice of 
tutional disability of the President. 
the President chosen under such special election shall con- 
tinue six years Troni the 4th day of Blareil preceding such 
election. 
ARTICLE X LV. 
No State shall secede without ihe consent of the I..egis- 
lacures of all the States o? the section to which t.ll State 
proposing to secede belongs. 
power to adjust with seceding States all questions arisin•v 
adjustine 
but the tenns of 
by reason ('f their seccssion ; 
shall be submitted to the Congress fbr their approval beik_jrc 
the saine shall be valid. 
AR'rxcLE X V. 
of Florida, with less population than the congres- I does not interfere with the execution Of:the fugi- 
sional district I represent, and far below it in all tive slave law. In the county in•which I reside: 
a deputy marshal of the United States was 
that constitutes strength and greatness, is flaunt- 
II dictcd under it, and brought to trial bcfore.a Re-< 
ing her banner in the face of the United States ; 
and we are gravely told that a truce upon her publican judge for executing the •process of •the: 
shores has been declared between the Govm•n- i United States, issued under the -law of 
rnent of the United States and the hostile armies 
the recovery of fugitive slaves. On-the trial" he 
put. in evidence the marshal's by 
assembled there. 
I wish to the commissioner under that law. The whole 
But I shall not dwell upon this. 
point to onc other noteworthy event: that for the sunject •was discussed in that court. He was 
first 'time in the history of this country it I-las 
prosecuted with zeal and energy; but the: Repub- 
become necessary that the Federal capital should I.ic.an judge hold that the marshal 's warrant under 
the fugitive slave law wus full and ample protec- 
bristle with bayonets in order to secure the peace,- 
ful inauguration of a President chosen at a con- tion at-id defense aøainst any prosecution under 
I the State laws. 
stituti01'1al and lawful election of the people. 
And so the fact was established by the decision 
trust, sir, that that inaueuration will take place 
of that court, that v„'henever the law of a State 
that it will take place peacefully; that.,at.all events, 
it shall happei') at the time and place appointed interferes with -a constitutional law of Congress, 
I trust, With upon any subject however odious, it would not 
. by the Constitution and the laws. 
event, other characteristics the Executive be sustained, but be pronounced unconstitutional 
will be inaugltrated. I mean v@m•, I mean courage, and void. There is, then, no real diffculty in 
this matter. And permit me here to say, -that-the 
I luean modera lion, which, while it demands noth- 
ing but what is clearly t.o the fugitive slave law requires no arnendment at our 
hands. Nobody has asked it. Sir, I -believe 
laws—will be satisfied with nothine• less, and will 
I trust have as low an appreciation of that law as a hu- 
submit to nothing that is clearly wrong. 
man being call) have with limited faculties; and 
therc will be brought into the executive Inansion, 
yet I qm willing to let it stand, a fit, monument of 
with that moderation and manly courage, the pcr- 
the madness of the times in which it was passed. 
sistcncy which always secures its ends. 
that the man who assumes the robes of office will And when future historians shall come back to 
feel that— 
only real element of luck 
Is genuine, solid, old '.['eut011ic pluck." 
w our day to find the evidence of that barbarism 
fron'l which to date the progress of laws for his' 
, he nee(i go no further back than the fugitive 
If a little of these desirable qualities had existed 
slave law of 185(). 
But the real difficulty in regard to all this mat- 
in the executive mansion three rnont.hs arro, if ti')e 
ter is, that there is no loyally anywhere to •the 
and coul 
President 
had II ad eneroy, foresight, 
. acre enough to send reinforccrnents to a single fugitive slave law, I care not where it is. The 
fortress in our waters, this diflicu\ty would not South must be satisfied wit.h a condition which, 
now be upon us. The golden opportunity has been from t.he na*.nre of things and of man, cannot be 
In the first place, therc is a physical 
lost, and we are noxv driven by slow steps, by changed. 
necessity of having a free State border. 
Ijailifl_li processes, to rei-rain what that inconsider• 
next place there is natural disposition upon the 
Neither the Congress nor a rJ'erritorial Legislature shall 
.atenoss or cowardice has lost us. 
have to interiOre with the right. of the citizens of any 
iVIr. Speaker, I am not one of those who believe part of slaves to run; and although conscience 
of the States within either of the sections to nügrate upon 
equal terms with the citizcll.sor the States either that all these dire events have sprang from trivial stands at elbow, and tells them not to run 
the other sections, to thc 'I'crritories of the Utlited States ; 
have poh'el' to destroy or itnpair any 
nor shall cither 
righ;s of either person or propcrty in the Territories. New 
States annexed for admission into the Union, or formed or 
crectcd within the jurisdiction ot• other States, or by the 
junction of two or rnore States, or parts of States, and 
States förmed with the. consent of the Congress, out of any 
territory of the United States, shaki be entitled to adlnission 
upon an equal föoting with the original States, uudcr any 
constitution establishing a govern Inent b\ican in forn), 
which thc peol)le thereof mav ordain, whenever s•ncl) States 
shal\ contain, within an area of not less than thirty Ihau- 
sand square n)ilcs. a population equal to the 
ratio of reprcscntation iör one of the of 
Representati vcs. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, then 
House on the state of the Union. 
Wii( be published in tbc ] 
Mr. SEDGW ICKY. Mr. Speaker, 1 
the discussion of' this subject with a profound 
pression of its irnpor:ance, and my inability to do 
I shall ',vaste none of the time of t.his 
it justice. 
House in any prelin•ainary st.at.omonts in regard to 
'Phree months ago, the people of 
this question. 
this country werc encrag•ed in thc discharge of a 
most. important. political duty—the election of their 
Chief A:lagislrate. rl'hocountry was inacondilion 
I do not subscribe to the philosophy from kind, 
benevolent, patriarchal masters, yet 
causes. 
the stands at tbc other elbow, and tells 
which teaches that eve rlt,s arc 
t horn, in the persuasivc langllaere used to honest 
to the causes that produce them. Let us inquire 
w llal is the evil which we are called to consider, Launcelot Gobbo, the servant, of an olden Jew, 
in this 
and the advice of the fiend, 
and for which we are to provido remedy. in 
the first place, there is no pretense whatever that irreverent agt•, will always prevail, notwithstand- 
ing the l')encficent and Christian character of the 
there is an v tyrannous or oppressive 01' unequal 
institution frorn which he is advised to escape. 
ioo•islat.ion bv Congress wb ich is th roatening• the 
But t.l)ere is another difficulty about this. "l'here 
destruction of any of these States, or any of their 
be tansriblc.. is a trouble which cannot, bc overcome, in human 
pronlinent intQtcsts. 'l'hat wou ld 
It is the il)stinctive desi rc ofevery h 
i I 'i'haL was the case which occurred in 1832, when nature. 
! i (lie was of the of a specific heing who sees another fleeing from oppression to 
course. I care not who is the 
It C, M' hicl) taw could be roached and Inodificd by help bitn 1.1 
it may Ebe the ci•rairunan of the committee— 
ne action of f lie I?ederal Legislature. [P litre _ts 
unan— 
who desires a tnore efficient fr.(ritive slave law; it 
IS unv clause of tile (yon- 
no pretense {hat t. liere 
may he leaders of the conventions of 
stituuon undcr w kuch tho rights interests ot' 
northern States, who say the South shall have 
these seceding Sta tes I-lave been or tan be assailed. 
upon the it their constitutional rights, and who, just before 
I believe, sir, 
\ I N t) claitns this. 
i i subject of slavery, I a boat as radical as most i i an election, will preach very fairly upon the sub- 
ject of the fugitive slave law, but who, if a cap- 
peopfo who have the honor of a seat here, and yet 
tive comes to their hearth at night, or early morn- 
Ii I never heard the man who prctcnded that, under 
ing, will forget the obligatiois of party, forget 
the Constituti0Y) of this country, tl'ie Federal Gov- 
ernment. could assail touch, bv legislation, the binding obligations of the Constitution of the 
rights of slaveholdii)'r States, or the security of United States, and, without inquiring too partic- 
But we ularly iE)to his history, tell the panting ft_tgitive 
their in lerests, in any single particular. 
of proibund peace. 'i'hrce months have passed, 
and what now is our condition? We find six arc told that lbcre arc personal liberty bills, which that nearer the north star is the place fb.r a 
I vent.ure 10 man of his color, and will help him witli food, 
States in actual rebellion acrainst the Federal Gov- are u standing rnenaec to the South. 
ernrnent•, we find that no property of United i I stay, that the assemblage of Congress at this inoney, and scrip for his journey. 
there is the territo rial 
States within tllcit• borders is sacred; that they i! sess:on, thcve were not ten Nien here who could Again, Mr. Sijeaker, 
I am not disposed to argue. that at all) y 
put their finger upon the law of a single St.ate question. 
have seized upon our forts and our arsenals; that 
length. The admission of New Mexico, as a slave, 
which they could say was a violation of the Con- 
tbev have robbed the Treasury; that they have 
State r) o x.v, would not settle the territorial ques- 
seized public vessels; and that we are rnenaced stitution. 
Nothing short of incorporating the I-Breck- 
hy Ibe actual levy and support of st.andingarmies. • W E) y, sir, I know something about the law of 
It was passed ten years ; I in ridge pla.tf'orm and the Dred Scott decision into 
the State of New York. 
Even this Capitol, in which our de}iberationsare 
It was the Constitution will satisfy the sontbprn people. 
before this fugitive slave law vv'a,.s passed. 
held, is threatencd. Sevcn other States, with 
more or less of apparent sincerity, are threateninR passed because, as ail of us who arc acquainted Why? Because .LNew Mexico is a barren gift. It 
is not desired; it is not desirable. 
that the firing of a gun in support of the laws of I with the history öf' that Stat,c know, it was neces- 
for something beyond: 
the desire to establish the 
the Union, shall be the signal of general hostili- sa.ry for the protection of the citizens of that State. 
ties a«rainst the Government. No State seems to There are those who hear I-no, who know that an principle, which, I believe, verv few men of sense 
actuat instance occurred '•lherc a free man was in this House will consent to—that all after acqui- 
that it is the imperative duty of this Gov- 
twelve years under the lash and of the II sitions of territory shall follow the constitutional 
erntnent and of' its executive ()flicers to protect. 
preserve the property which has thus been slave-driver—a man as much cntitiQd to Iiis liberty right which they seek to establish for the pzesent 
ruthlessly seized. sce the men upon whom as any man in In y State; and that tl•rese laws were 'I'erritorios. 
, it is evident to my mind that all this 
c nasscd for the puroose, of protectina• our own Cit- 
we a_re to rely for our dcfin%se and the protection 01 
izens; and so far as they refuse to allow our offl- convulsion and revolution has not grown -out Of 
our property, the oflicers of our Army and Navy, 
cens to be eu«raged in uny attempt whatever to tho here presented, and for which the 
forgetful of the allegiance which they owe to thc 
arrest fugitive slaves, they cro upon the ground, comrniltee ha_ve recommended rem- 
councry, and of t,be solemn oblio•ations of their 
These remedies theretöre, however suf- 
oaths, abandoning their trusts, and accepting and follow the decision of the Supreme Court of' i 
- ficient and proper for the specific complaints, will 
Of)ice u lidcr separate and hostile Slates, as if t.håt the United States in the case of Prigg t',s. Penn 
leave tlxc real difficulty wholiy unadjusted; and I 
So iow sylvayfia. 
were the merest discharge of high duty. 
i will now show that this law of New York am therefore opposed to them all. Some of them 
has this Government faljen, that the little State 
