1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
797 
tion of slavery, which in all time has been, and 
in all time to cornc will bc,a perpetual weakness, 
a disgrace, a calamity ? 
Now, sir, this is the disease with which we have 
to deal. It is not a case for the placebos of the com- 
mittee of thirty-three, nor yet for the small pills 
of Hahnemann, nor for the bleeding and warm 
water of Dr. Sangrado. It isa case for surgery. I 
am not now to speak of slavery as I look on it, as 
an institution of barbarism. 1 am not to speak of 
it as my people regard it; not Vo speak of it as all 
historians describe it, as all poets sing of it, as all 
moralists and philosophers teach about it, as all 
philanthropists look upon it; I merely wish to 
speak ofitas a poli ticak power in this Confederacy. 
It is a great. power Whenever any of its real or 
supposed interests are affected, it rallies around 
it the Represen tati ves and Senators of fifteen States 
as one man. It scents danger in the tainted breeze. 
It is unwearied in its vigilance, unrelentinø in its 
it has controlled the politics of this 
purpose. 
country for six ty years and more; and now, when 
its political encroachments and unreasonable de- 
mands have rallied the North against it, and when 
the census, with unerring finger, points to the end 
of its political power and influence, it breaks out 
into rebellion and violence; it would usurp the 
Government by force, and overridö the expressed 
will of the people by terror and bloodshed. 
In 
several of the States it is a settled policy to make 
this institution perpetual. 
There is no diligent student of the history of the 
time but knol,vs that when the Constitution was 
formed it was the intention of its fran•iers that that 
institution should, in a reasonable time, be abol- 
ished by the voluntary action of the people. of the 
States. Six States performed their duty in regard 
to it, by adopting schemes of gradual emancipa- 
tion. And now, because it is profitable, because 
it is a source of political power, bccausc it is 
thing to which politicians may address their ap- 
peals in an inflamed and excited community, a 
in ten Lion a nd spirit of 
change has come over the 
the country, and this institution is to be made per- 
It insists not only on tolerance, not only 
petual. 
that we shall leave it within the limits of the States 
untouched; but it insists on universal assent to its 
rightfulness, and on constitutional recognition and 
protection. Grant this, and who does not know 
that its next step will be to demand the reopenino• 
of the slave trade? And rightfully, because, if it 
is just in itself; if you have a moral and political 
right to hold slaves, you have a right to a supply 
tection of the Governmcnt in the vast Territories, 
the forcible seizure and Subjugation of which is 
now contemplated. 
If an adjustment is effected upon the basis of 
this committee's report, it will not stand year 
against the threatened piracy, plunder, privateer- 
ing, the renewal of the slave trade, and the seizure 
ofadjacent States, which is contemplated. 
The policy and aims of slavery, its institutions 
and civilization, and the character of its people, 
are ull at variancc with the policy, aims, institu- 
tions, education, and character of the North. 
There is an irreconcilable difference in our inter- 
ests, institutions, and pursuits; in our sentiments 
and feelings. No truth is more apparent than 
this: " that this Government cannot permanently 
remain half slave and half free." 
The idea of a 
temporary separation, and a permanent recon- 
struction, is visionary and foolish. Whenever 
the slave States of this Confederacy shall be ac- 
knowledged by this Government to be rightfully 
separated from their allegiance, that separation 
Cl'he North stands 
will bc final and permanent. 
ready, while they are in the Union, to perform its 
constitutional obligations; but, let them once be 
acknowledged to be free from those constitutional 
obligations, to be separated from their relations 
as States within a cmnmon Confederacy, and you 
cannot find school district within the North that 
will ever consent to a reconst.ruct,ion of this Gov- 
ernment upon any such basis of the representa- 
tion of property as is now permitted in this I-louse 
upon the part. of the slaveholding States. Nay, 
you cannot find any district which would consent 
to admit such a State at all, unless with a full 
provision for the speedy emancipation of its slaves. 
If gentlemen choose to try the experiment upon 
that basis, the quicker they go about it the bet- 
ter it wili suit the Representatives of a great pro- 
portion of the inhabitants of the North. 
am satis- 
But, sir, I must hasten to a close. 
fied that thc experiment ofa perpetual Unio,n be- 
tween free and slave States, under a republican 
Government, is a fåilure. You may tinker it, 
you nmy patch it, you may doctor it, you may 
turn it over to a council of' politicians, or a coun- 
cil of' physicians, it will come back to the same 
position: that there is an irreconcilable difference 
between froe and slave institutions; and if States 
that maintain both systems rernain under the same 
Government, one oi• the other must yield. 
Now, how do propose to settle this matter? 
Because, I go not, for concession or comprolnisc. 
I go for settl.cjnent that shall be final; tbat shall 
of that labor from any source open to your reach; 
leavc each to pursue its own policy, without the 
and the slave trade will be, as it has already been, 
interference or clashing of hostile interests. 
It will 
justified on the rostrum and in the pulpit. 
the first. place, I shall insist, as a prelimintu•y 
be demanded as a just tribute to the progress of 
step, if it shall take generations to accomplish it, 
Christianity and the enlightened influence of the 
age, that laws—barbarous, obsolete, criminal laws I that the Constitution and laws musl be restored to 
their integrity, and the rebel States to obedience. 
-Ldeclaring this just commerce piracy, shall be rc- 
pealed, and the slave traders shall again sit among I We will put our laws upon a foot.ing where they 
the merchant princes as tho honorable of the earth, 
and thc blessing of Heaven will be pronounced 
each returning' Sabbath on the sails of the pirate 
as on the sails of all others who go down to the sea 
in ships. 
Xu y; alittlc further. As frec opinions and their 
exponents, free speech and free press, are incon- 
sistent with it, as it suppresses them at home by 
t.he cord or by fire, so it demands, through the 
committee of thirty-three, their suppression as 
with intent to subvert thc institutions of 
another State." V cry careful and slow in its 
approaches, and now for thc first time receiviY)0' 
lecrislative countenance, freedom of the press is to 
be put down. 
But I must pass along. x his institution, as I 
have described it, has twenty Representatives on 
this floor, of its property-—or should have if the v 
had not bas'qy fled from their trust and abandoneil 
their seats here, to establish treason against the 
It should 
Government in their several States. 
have twenty Representatives upon this floor of its 
property; and this inequality it will necessarily I 
carry into any territory it may acquire and bring 
in as a slave State. You cannot admit New Mex- 
ico as a State without admitting her with fhisin- 
equality. It has but six of the thirteen original 
States; all the rost have, as I have said, in accord- 
ance with the scntiment existinry at, tho formation 
of the Government, and the implied understanding 
npon which the Constitution was agreed to, eman- 
cipated those slaves. Yet it has increased its 
numbers to fifteen; and it novv' demands thc pto„ 
i shall be executed. -we will have the property 
that has been wrenched from us by rebellion and 
robbery. We will have the forts; we will have 
the arsenals; we will have the hospitals; we will 
have the mints, and the vessels, which treachery 
has betrayed to our enemies. W o will have 
everything that belongs to us, and the old status 
fully restored; and then we. will have a settle- 
ment of this controversy. How? I would con- 
sent that all the slave States, with contiguous ter- 
ritory, which desire to makc slavery perpetual, 
should go into a separato Confederacy, peaceably 
and quietly, with the full consent of all partics in 
Lhe Government; they should assunu their just 
share of the public liabilities; they should have 
lirnits, 
such public propertv as lies within their 
not by the necessities of our condition. 
If any of the Slavo States choose to remain, 
'vvould provide that the Federal Government 
should make full and fair compensation for their 
slaves, with thc condition of gradual emancipa- 
If no 
tion, and their colonization, if need be. 
slave State chose to runain, I would Ilicn amend 
the Constitution so that no slave State should 
would then 
over be admitted into the Union. 
provide for the freedorn of all the avenues ofcom- 
merce, and especially for the froe and unob- 
strucf.ed mvigation of the Mississippi river. The 
right of search should not be driven from the 
ocean to bc reéstal)lisbcd upon the banks of the 
Mississippi. would retain such fortresses and 
ened pi racy or privateering by an y Po Weron ea!th. 
These two civilizations might then start peaceably 
on theii• several careers of generous rivalry. And 
permit me to say that, if the Union is destroyed, 
the world will soon comprehend the difference 
" between a compact nation of educated, free, and 
self-dependent citizens and a community of 
lent and insolent proprietors of land, living in 
hourly dread ofa herd of slaves." 
I need not stop to speak of the glory of the 
northern empire, with its capital upon the great 
lakes, with a ship canal from the Mississippi to 
the ocean , with improved rivers, harbors and roads, 
with all the vast territories about her ready to 
rush into close alliance with a nation which has 
shown that it dared to be just, and has freed itself 
from an institution which alone has excluded it 
from national sympathy. And I need not point 
If the success of the 
to the other experiment. 
cotton dynasty fulfills the expectations of the 
prophets and seers who have. talked to us about 
it, it will be the first nation on the face of God's 
earth that was ever established with its founda- 
tions broad and deep in inhumanity and injustice, 
which has prospered, and whose disgraceful and 
ignominious history has not been written from its 
commencement to its close. But the Represent- 
ativcs of the seceded States talk about withhold- 
hog their cotton until they bring France and Eng- 
land on their knees as suppliants, praying for an 
alliance with them. Sir, the failure of an Amer- 
ican supply of cotton is a contingency which has 
been long looked forward to in England, and care- 
fully guarded against. Lord John Russell, in 
letter to the Manchester Cotton Supply Associa- 
tion, has pointed to this precise event, and the 
remedies proposed. In view of that fact, China 
has recently been opened by British and French 
arms and negotiation. India also produces abun- 
dant cotton. Australia, with a much longer sea- 
son, produces as good an article as you can grow 
on your sea islands. In Africa and Central Amer- 
ica cotton is an indigenous plant It grows with- 
out labor; and they are capable of affording an 
inexhaustible supply of the article. 
In the North we shall try to get along with such 
a substitute as nature affords us. Flax of short 
fibre, mixed with forty per cent. of cotton, can 
now be furnished to the cotton looms of New 
England at cight cents per pound ; and flax of long 
fibr0, when inverltion born of necessity has suc- 
cecdcd in perfecting—as she sooo will do—a few 
littlc machincs already in the Patent Offce, can 
bc furnished to the linen-spinner ata much less 
price per pound. And this article (flax) grows 
on every variety of soil, and in every climate, 
from Maine to Minnesota. The manufacturing 
world long ago determined not much longer to be 
subject to the caprices of a slaveholding oligarchy 
whicl'i they hate*d and despised, but whose cotton 
they had then found no substitute for. And if I 
could procure no other suffcientsubstitute, rather 
than submit to this tyrannous dictation of king 
cotton, I would go back to the coStume of our first 
parents in the garden of Eden, before t.he fall. 
An honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. 
GARNETT,] to show us I)OW slavery strengthened 
and ennobled a people, has referred us to histor- 
ical examples. He says that slavery prevailed in 
the mightiest and most cultivated empires of the 
Old World, and was the source of their strength. 
I knDw that slavery existed bot.h in Athens and 
Rome. And thc same history bae taught us that 
the Athenians soon lost the hardy virtues of their 
early life, and became cruel, unjust, effeminate, 
all)d corrupt; that t.hey drove Pericles into exile 
for his justice, and poisoned Socrates for his wis- 
dom and virtue, and became soon the prey of the 
spoiler, and the petty province of a stronger and 
more barbarous despotism. 
If I have read history aright, it •w•as not the 
luxurious and effcminate Roman of the later and 
slaveholding empire who bore the unconquered 
eagles over the burnino• sands of Lybia and-the 
frozcn rco*ions of the North, but the hardy, indus- 
trious, virtuous Roman of the brave days of 
old;" and the slaveholder has read Roman history 
to little profit who has forgotten that a Thracian 
gladiator, at the head of sixty thousand slaves, 
slaughtered the mightiest armies of Rome, drivinsc 
back consul after consul in defeat and disgrace 
and threatened with his victorious arms the very 
that tbc 
5t1tes of the seven-hilled city herself; 
places of defense on the Gulf as would be neces- 
II cities of Italy were plundered and burned, and 
II sary to secure our commcrcc against anv threat- 
