800 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
*February 7. 
counties and townships? You find a rush of peo- 
pie for.ofice—people who would like to live with- 
out labor. And this great element of evil in the 
country is not even hinted at. There is not ade- 
partment of this Government to-day that is not 
expending more than double the arnourlt that is 
necessary 'to have its business faithfully per- 
formed. You are multiplying from yearto year, 
and from month tfmonth, the number of em- 
ployés„ and are at the same time increasing their 
compensation. Recollect that these expenditures 
are abstracted from the labor of the country. 
But we are cheated by demagogues and politi- 
cians. When a •rnan comes to me and begins to 
tell me how religious he is, I take it at once that 
he is a hypocrite. If another comes an'd tolls me 
he 'is a vei•y honest man, I Will watch him. And 
•when a man says he loves the people rnost. ax.V- 
fully, I' regard him as a demagogue, and a dema- 
gogue is no better tl'lan a horSe-thief. That is my 
conception of this thing. Now I ask you to go 
to work like honest men, North and South, and 
put down these demaff0ffues. Strike right at them, 
and tell them they are, villains. Tell your neigh- 
bors that these men are villains, and that they are 
trying to ruin the country. is tho way to 
talk about them. That is the way I will talk and 
Ido not want to see a drop of blood shed 
aet. 
in this conflict. 1 am not much ofa warrior, and 
do not want to indulge in bravado. 
The expenditures of the Goternment are over 
seventy*lil-lion dollars year. r•l'lie moment the 
party that controlled the patronage of the Gov- 
ernment,saw the handwriting on the wall, then 
they becra•n to threaten secession. Tl'hey threat- 
ened to up the Government, and then to go 
I wish Some learned man 
for a reconstruction. 
would tell mc the distinction between treason and 
secession, for confess I cannot see that any such 
distinction exists. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a great deal of importance 
attached to this question, and there _is very good 
It is an important question; but 
reason for it. 
we are not staring that question fairly in the face. 
The first thing that this Congt•éss should }lave 
done, when it assembled last l)ecember, was to 
require the, party in power to answer to the coun- 
try for their conduct. We should not have allowed 
ourselves to be' d rawn out of the line of ou r duty for 
the purpose of pacifying these traitors. gen- 
tlemcn from the border States would talk as the 
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. DA'VIS] did to- 
day, two weeks '.vould not elapse ufit.il these trai- 
Ele said 
tors would be trembling in their shoes. 
that he would meet revolution with revolution. If 
the" men were only met with a proper spirit, 
they would bc etisily put down, for men arc never 
brave when they are cno•agcd in a bad cause. 
Now, L return to tho colisideration of the coun- 
I havo been pay- 
try ih regard to expenditures. 
ino some attention to this thing; and I ask gentle- 
men w f')0 are cx.pectil'lo• to have retrenchment and 
reföz•m in the Govern illcnt to look at it. Walking 
founded upon principle. Every principle has its 
law; and when any man violates that law he must 
It is a law in Govern- 
take the consequences. 
ments as in plants, that the greater the rapidity 
with which they grow into maturity the Sooner 
will t.hey go to destruction. That Government is 
most stable and enduring which commences with 
the practice of economy, and which is builtup with 
labor. Such a Government cannot boast of mag- 
nificenco, but it will be one of much greater en- 
durance than one Which has been built up in 
magnificence. The progress of Governments is 
precisely like that of men. They first seek and 
are satisfied with the necessaries of life, then the 
conveniences of life, then the- luxuries of life, and 
then thc magnificencies of life. Every Govern- 
ment which E.uns to extravagance with the rapid- 
ity with which this Government has gone on, will 
soon become so corrupt that%like many of the 
Governments of the Old World, it can only be 
maintained by force of arms. Such has been the 
history of many of the despotisms of the Old 
World. 
Mr. Speaker, I will now proceed to another sub- 
•jöct—not a new one by any means, but connected 
with the onc I have been discussing. have in- 
i timated what my views are upon the subject of 
slavery. It never should have been the subject 
of so much contention. Why, I ask you, is it 
necessary for a Territory, whick), when it comes 
to form a State government, must be left to its 
own discretion as to what it shall be, and what it 
shall have, to be made the subject of contention 
and controversy? If we had never made any com- 
promises, gentletnen would see that there would 
ncvcr have been any broken compromises. 
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment, all the diffeul- 
ties which now environ the country have grown 
out of the evasion and failure on the part of Con- 
gress to perform its proper duties. The Congress 
of the United States, when the Constitution has 
established the mode and manner by which a 
question is to be settled, has no business what- 
If you want to make a 
ever with that question. 
change in your Government, rnake it by chanffino• 
the Constitution. Bull ask you, and I ask the coun- 
try, hethcr the. people of this nation are at this 
time in the proper spirit to ell ter upon the work 
of remodeling Chis most sacred and time-honored 
I submit, to you that this is no time 
to the work of patching up thc Con- 
stitution. 
'I'he very moment you commence to 
mend it, you begin to make it ragged. I do not 
care bow in«reniously the work is (lone. fl'.he very 
i attempt to mend wears the fabric oftentimes, anu 
does more injury than it would I.)Y lettincr 
[ look upon tho Constitution as too 
it alone 
sacred an instrumcnt to he ligl'l t.] y tampered with . 
I look with no favor upon any proposed amend- 
ll)ent. to the Constitution ; and am now especially 
averse to it, when there is no question at issue 
that. cannot be settled, if gentlemen l,vould only 
bril)k' their feelings to t_hose of reasonable men. 
herc east of this Capitol, and near the 'lh•easury Whene'vcr nrxon find thernselvcs cut loose fi•om 
tine-honored restrictions and institutions, it very 
Department, I see an in•unense of gran- 
.—more than could be up iii often happens that nothing will govern them but 
ite and marble 
twenty years. •When I came to inquire into the the point of the bavonot. The very knornent t.hat 
matt.er, I was not much at quantity I i you tell vot_u• people that you are going to break 
of stone chere, for [ learned that this stone cost up the Cot')stitution that. madc by our fathers, 
two dollars per cubic foot, while the actual cost yon will find you have very rnnch distracted and 
w•eakened the Governrnent. Thoy have faith in 
was ninety cents; so that here was $1 of steal- 
ings from -the Government in every cubic foot. out 
the Constitution, for the very reason that it was 
II 
mado by the fathers, in whom they have confi- 
of this contract; and there are millions a.nd mil- 
{i (fence. tl*hey have tried it, and in every instance 
lions of cubic fOct. That explains it. I'hey can- 
II it has l) roved sufficient for the. end for which it was 
It shows its face ull over the 
not hide that. 
country. Båt that is a mere sample of what is designed. Oh, ME, Speaker, I wish to God ! I wish 
from tl'lé bottom of rny soul, that we could take 
going on in the country. 
Statesmen and scholars are very likely to look this people back to the condition in which they 
over the hea(ls of the masscs of the world. They were when this unfortunate agitation connuenced 
—the agitation of the proposition to destroy the 
arc for science, literature, und the arts, for mao- 
nificence. That is what tbcse gentlemen are now comprolY1ise made between the people of the North 
and the, South upon this absorbing question. Yes, 
trying to bui\d up a southern governtrnent for. 
They-clesire to build up a magnificent government 
sir, would to God could induce to move 
'They care backward to that point! When Inen come before 
of which they can have the control. 
their constituents, and say they have made a solemn 
nothing rnQi'e about the rnasses of the people or 
the ri.crhts of mankind than do the nabobs of the 
compact, which they have had the full benefit of, 
North, if you please; and while they have anv and nowthatitis justabout to operate for the ben- 
hope of success, you can never remove the diff- efitQf thc other to the compact, and t.hereföre 
cultieg that lic in the way of the pacification of they soize held ofa {egal technicality and say that 
our troubles. Sir, slavery does not expand the they will violate all {he stipulations of that com- 
human heart. You have got to i•equirc every man pact, and will regard it as null and void, I say it 
to act well his part before you can ever secure is time that we should return back to the spirit Of 
any stability to the institutions of the counory. the men who made the compact. 
Let me tell you that good Governments are No one ever the right to take slaves into 
the Territories until the year 1847. Mr. Calhoun 
then said, in a resolution which he presented in 
the Senate of the United States, that he believed 
they had that right. The resolution was pre- 
sented; and, after an elaborate discussion in the 
Senate, by that able, talented, and I am willing 
to say good man, it was brought to a vote, and 
received the votes of four southern Senators and 
the vote of Franklin Pierce, of New Hampshire. 
And, sir, the vote of Mr. Pierce upon that reso- 
lution made him President of the United States. 
He gave his vote with that of Mr. Calhoun upon 
that abstract question; and he was the oniy north- 
ern Senator Who so voted, When, in the Balti- 
more presidential nominating convention of 1852, 
you,recollect, at the close of a long struggle, the, 
conve ti was about to break up without making 
a nonu tior*the Virginia delegation retired from 
the hall for the purpose of consultation. Look* 
ing to this vote, they believed Mr. Pierce was 
the very man to suit their purposes. He was 
nominated; he was elected; and when he came 
in his inaugural address, that he would not inter- 
fcrc with the compromises that had been inade 
upon the subject of slavery only two years an(l a 
half previous. Yet he was scarcely well settled in 
the Whitc House before an attack was made upon 
the venerable compromise of 1820. Thus has the 
South advanced step by step in its progress of 
power. 
Senator Hunter said, a few years ago, that when 
he came here in 1854, there was a portion of the 
southern people who believed they had a right to 
carry then• slaves into the Territories. He was 
among that portion. They found their northern 
friends '.vere not willing to accede to this doctrine; 
but they were willing to repeal the Missouri com- 
promise, for the purpose of allowing southern 
men to carry their slaves north of the line of 360 
30'. Then the tempter came. They swept away 
that time-honored compact; and look at the con- 
sequences. 'I'here is not a Democrat now, North 
or South, who does not say the slaveholder has a, 
right to carry his slave into any of the rl'erritories 
of the Union. Now, when did they acquire that 
right? Where is thcrc anything in the Constitu- 
tion of the United States that guaranties that riffht? 
•VVho has ever attempted to find it, up to this time? 
T Ire next step very naturaliy followed. They 
wanted Congress to protect their slave property 
in the Territories. And if this Government holds 
together, it will not be ten years before they de- 
mand the right to carry their slaves anywhere 
they please, within the limits of the Union. 
Now, sir, f appoal again to gentlenoen of all 
parties to stand by this Government, and not per- 
It puts 
mit it to bc broken up by demacyoo•ues. 
rne in mind of the crises which sometimes occur 
in our monetary affairs; and I. have some very 
curious information on the subject, which I have 
dcrivcd from conversations with merchants, bank- 
It occurred to me as passing 
ers, and others. 
strange that men in business never pay their debts 
when money is plenty, and they can do so with 
ease. And there is the point in this whole thing. 
If inen would pay the-II' debts when Inoney is 
plenty, there would bc no crises in the country. 
Men never will pay their debts when Inoncy is 
plenty; but put them off frmn day to day until 
tl'lere is a stringer)c.y in the morie.y-mavket., and 
money becdmcs valuable, and then they are com- 
pelted to pay, while property of all kinds is de- 
preciatcd, and of course failure and serious em- 
barrassment ensues. Here is the secret, Mr. 
Speaker, of thie bankruptcies that have from time 
Instead of caution 
to time startled our people. 
and promptness, there is a fast, young-America 
feeling which puslie-s us into l.he evils under 
which we labor. Too many persons, it appears 
to me, are trying to live at the expense of some- 
body else than themselves. There is the great 
trouble. If it were better known, perhaps it would 
be remedied. 
I will now say a few words on a subject that 
has been much discussed in this House—I rnean 
slavery in the States where it is now established. 
think those who know me, Mr. Speaker, will ac- 
knowledffe I have frankness and honesty enouslh 
to declare, upon this and all other questions, that 
which I believe. Gentlemen from the South. 
twain and again, here and elscwhcrc, allege that 
the North arc determined to interfere with slavery 
in the States. {l' hat we havc fanatics and mado 
