802 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 7, 
the door, Mr. Kennedy was in front, with the riegro woman, 
and the others followed in a kind of procession after. A 
one or-our police, and when Mr. Kennedy got close -to the 
carriage, the negroes crosed dround hill) and attelnvted to 
pull the woman away. Mr. Kennedy had a srnall cane in 
his band, and commenced beating thenr over the bead. 
They-continued pulling the woman away, and the fight be- 
The crowd of negroes was dense around 
came general. 
him, and they succeeded in dragging the wornan off some 
thirtytyäfås, he still beating them over the bead, until they 
got to a pile of boards, when Mr. Kennedy fell, and untOr 
tunateiy broke the cap of his knee. In the mean time, the 
man was seemed and. driven off. The thing was so sudden 
a'hd unexpeeted that e+ery one was taken by surprise ; and 
uhfortUnately, not manywhite men were about ; but those 
who were-there immediately took sides with Mr. Kennedy, 
and attacked the. negroes. A pile of cord-wood was lying 
c109e by, from whiéh some of our citizens supplied them- 
gelVés, and béat the negroes over the head. A nurnber of 
the negroes-'-were severely injured ; and in ten minutes after 
the riot -commenced, there was not a negro to be seen in 
teanng the woman loose froxn him, and running her into 
sOme one of the little alleys ; and, although hot pursuit was 
immediately made by such white men as were present, the 
negroes scattering in every direction, and no one of our 
citizens being able to identity the wonnan if they did see 
her, she escaped. 
Mr. Kennedy was carried to the hotel, where he lay for 
some five or six weeks, apparentiy rapidly recovering. 'l'o 
Cian and family thought he was doing as well as could 
possibly be expected, he-suddenly died. From what cause 
it is impossible, I suppose, certainly to tell ; but his physi- 
Cian (one of the most erninent in our town) declared it to 
be from cramp in his stmn.agh, caused by certain indigest- 
When his corpse was taken from town, our citizens turned 
out en masse as en escort, to express their deep regret, and 
all the bells in town were tolled. 
have several times since visited the relatives of the de- 
ingé for the citizens of Carlisle. While the occurrence has 
been to us a source of deep and universal regret, it is a 
tioos) with taking any part in it, other than to defend Mr. 
stances. As I said, but few white Inen were present. No 
attack was apprehended ['ro:n the negroes ; and, after the 
hearing in the court, nearly every one supposed the matter 
was ended, and returned home. 
Atter the riot, the most intense excitement prevailed 
against the negroes. Our citizens assmnbled in crowds, 
and it was wiih difliculty many ot• thmn were restrained 
from attacking the negro houses, aud tearing then) down. 
No danger was apprehended, ut the time, of' Mr. Kennedy's 
life, or I bavc no doubt the negroes would have been driven 
at onee from the town. Fifteen of theru were convicted 
and sentenced to the penitentiary. 'l'hi* explains the fcel„ 
ings out. ,eitizens had on the subject, and shows whether 
Mr. WEBSTER is justified in representing til(nn as Inur- 
derers. 
If an opportunity occurs, our citizens wish you to correct 
circumstances like these into willful and down- I Commonwealth of Pennsylvania—men who en- 
his assertions. 
Yours truly, 
Ron. B. F. 
W. H. MILLER. 
fight murder? and that, too, charged against the 
people of Carlisle, who are not only intelligent, 
but loyal, Union-loving, and law-abiding citizens. 
Let me tell you it is the grossest charge which 
could have been made against the character of that 
people. When the invasion into Virginia was 
made by John Brown, and some of his followers 
escaped, and made their way into the mountains 
of Pennsylvania, this very borough arrested one 
of the conspirators and coadjutors of Brown—ar- 
rested him Without process of law, and upon the 
merest suspicion that he was concerned in the 
raid. They not only arrested him without au- 
thority, but confined him in the county jail; and 
still morc, when the agent of the State of Virginia, 
who made the demund upon the Governor of 
Pennsylvania for the delivery of the fugitive, was 
not able to identify him, these very citizens of 
Carlisle, who are denounced as murderers by n 
Representative of an adjoining State, held that 
criminal until Virginia was able to get evidence 
there to identify him; and he was returned to Vir- 
ginia, tried, convicted, and suffered death. 
submit whether it is fair, when we surren- 
dered up a man, even in defiance of law, who had 
been guilty of participation in the John Brown 
raid—I submit whether it is fair, or whether it 
will tend to heul the differences which nosv exist 
between the North and the South , to make ec parte 
statements, a-nd convert a mere riot into willful, 
malicious, and felonious murder. Why, sir, we 
have lived near to the Commonwealth of Mary- 
land nearly a hundred years; we have delivered 
up to them a thousand slaves within tbe last sixty 
years; and we have done it without stint and 
without limit. We have done it freely and cheer- 
fully, not niggardly and grudgingly; and I tell 
you that, out of the one thousand slaves that we 
have delivered up to the State of Maryland, there 
never was any difficulty except about the two 
that I have already named—the slave of Mr. Ken- 
I submit, 
nedy and the slave of Mr. Gorsuch. 
then, whether _it is fair to make such charges 
aoainst that good old Commonwealth. God bless 
her; she ig a great State. She sleeps there to-night 
with three million white men in her bosom—more 
white nien than there are in all the six seceding 
States. She has not as many negroes, and, of 
course, no slaves, for which God be thanked; but 
there she Bleeps to-night, a giant in repose. She 
is not aeruinst the people of Maryland. 
We have not boughtu rnusket nor even uniformed 
a :tingle mun to our militia. We repose 
in the confidence of our strength. We arc ready 
at any and at all times to meet the enemies of the 
Republic, either without or within. We have con- 
fidenc.e in the State of Maryland. Ido not believe 
that the people of Maryland themselves would 
rnake any such charge as this against the people 
Mr. JUNKIN. 1 will single word. If 
any man can make murder out of those facts de- 
tailed by eye-witnesses, by a man who partici- 
atod in the struggle, by the vcry attorney of Mr. 
, in the teed') that testi- 
ennedy himself 
mony, the State of Maryland or any one of her 
Representatives can charge the people of Curlisle 
with being guilty of the murder of Kennedy, then 
all I can say is, that they have the queerest kind 
heard of. 
of notions about criminal law I ever 
The very negroes themselves could, under the 
circumstances, be only convicted of et')craffing in 
a riot. They were so convicted, and sent to the 
penitentiary för two three years. That judg- 
ment the court, however, had no right to pro- 
nouncc, because by the law they could only be 
sent to the county jail, and they were one year 
afterwards released by the supreme court upon 
habeas corpus. 
I would state further that this is not the first time 
that I have hoard this case referred to in debate. 
I know the people of the South have been made 
to believe that two men have been murdered in 
Pennsylvania—Kennedy iB one, and a Mr. Gor- 
of Pennsylvania. They have known us too long. 
We have lived together in brotherly love for a 
hundred years, and , by the blessing of'God, know 
we wili live together a thousand years longer. 
know that we are not going to make war against 
one anot.her. She shall have every right to which 
pledge 
she is entitled under the Constitution. 
the Cmnrnonwealth of Pen Insylvauia to-night that 
not a slave will she fail to deliver up whenever the 
proof is made that he owes service to his master. 
I assert that she never did refuse to deliver up 
fugitive slaves. I assert that she has delivered up 
more slaves than any Commonwealth in this Con- 
federacy, and has done it cheerfully and without 
Let me now refer, for a moment, to the case 
of M r. Gorsuch, which occurred in Lancaster 
county. It has been asserted upon this floor, time 
both of the House me in the Ii 
assertion, that these two cases have been referred people of Lancaster. The fact is that Mr. Gor- 
tertained no prejudice towards the State of Mary- 
land or the South; for my own father, an old 
Democrat, was on that very jury. I should like 
to know why they did not convict that white man 
if he vvas guilty? Look at the charge of Judge 
Grier, in which he told the jury that there was no 
not be a conviction; and the jury returned a ver- 
dict accordingly. And yet men stand up here, 
and upon their responsibility as Representatives, 
charge that as murder! 
I will not trespass upon the time of the House 
much longer, because i feel that I am robbinn• 
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. ALLEN,] and I fed 
uncommonly grateful fot the opportunity of say- 
ing anything upon this occasion. I do not see 
much use in bemg a member of Congre.ss here; it 
would certainly be much more creditable to be a 
member ofa decent debating society, because one 
cannot get the floor when he wants, and should 
I have 
have it, to repel such charges as these. 
watched five days for this opportunity, and it 
comes even now only by the courtesy of my friend 
from Ohio, [Mr. ALLEN.] 
Mr. SMI'rH,0fNorth Carolina. Iwould ask 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania for what offense 
in the Gorsuch case ? 
Mr. JUNK IN. For treason, in resisting the 
laws of the United States, and for conspiracy to 
prevent the execution of the fugitive slave law 
That was the charge, and the jury did not con- 
vict him. 
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. Was henot 
discharged on the ground that this was a sudden 
rescue, and not a premeditated combination to re- 
sist the execution of the law ? 
Mr. JUNKIN. one the grounds of his dis- 
charge was the entire absence of proof establish- 
ing a prearranged conspiracy to defeat and resist 
the execution of the fugitive slave law. And fur- 
ther, if any such proof did exist, (as it did not,) 
the prosecution did not offer it as testimony in 
chief; but offered it in rebuttal of the defense. 
Nevertheless, it was well known that no such 
I-Ianway was a miller, and 
proof could be made. 
was summoned in his shirt-sleeves, and in a felt 
hat, by the sound of the horn and the shouts of the 
negroes. Under these facts, sir, I claim a verdict 
of not guilt.y, on this count, also. 
Now, Mr. Speaker; we of Pennsylvania do not 
pretend to be better than the people are anywhere 
else. 'We have bad men among us who some- 
times attemi')t to resist the execution of the fugi- 
tive shave law, but very rarely, because public 
opinion is overwhelmingly in favor of the execu- 
tion of that law. We look upon the man who 
who would attempt such a thing (a rescue) ag 
It is true, we will not 
vv'orse than a sheep-thief. 
permit negroes to be taken from within our bor- 
d.ers unless they are taken upon good and legal 
grounds; and that we have a right to do. But I 
assert here in my place, to-night, that so fur from 
there being any disposition to run away s\aves, 
I knol.'l,' of no underground railroad in Pennsyl- 
vania. As I said last evening, southern men are 
allowed to bring their slaves into Illat State and 
hold them there, and to return with them to the 
slave States from which they came. 
livino• now in my tow II a slave who was brought 
from the State of Georgia, and has been there for 
know two gentlemen who 
three or four years. 
come there annually from the State of Mississippi 
and bring their servants there, and hoid them m 
a Republican town, in a Republican county, and, 
as I believe in a Republican State; and any man 
ill our community who would attempt to induce 
those slaves to leave their masters would be looked 
upon as a thief. 
I, for one, do not understand Republicanism to 
mean negro-stealing. Ifit is, then I am no Repub- 
to again and again ; and I am free to that such was murdered by his own staves. He was 
was not heretofore particularly acquainted with warned, before he undertook to arrest them, that lican, ar:d never wili be one. If believed, at tbe 
same time, that it meant abolition, so help me 
the Carlisle case, nor did I feel myself at liberty I the necn•oes were known to be desperate, and that 
the would undoubled! y take t.l-leil' master's life; God! I would be the first to abandon and denounce 
to speak of it until I obtained the necessary in- 
formation, which was last Monday morning. 
Now, i can, in some degree, at least to my own 
mind, occount for the extraordinary excitement 
which prcwails at the South ; for if, in such a case 
as this, a near neighbor to I'ennsylvania can see 
murder, I am no.t surprised that the people of the 
South expect the North to liberate their slaves. 
•To what proportions may not the acts of the Re- 
publicm party be magnified, when they distort 
and Mr. Gorsuch swore by l•.is Maker that he 
it; and whenever gentlemen upon this floor de- 
would arrest them, (lie in the atternpt. He made velop the fact that the Republican party is tending 
to abolitionism, whenever I find the "Republican 
the effort. and was shot down by his own slave, 
and not by Pennsylvanians. But it may be said ship beginning to direct its prow into that terrific 
that white men were engaged in it. Well, if' that I and fearful sea, why then want to jump over- 
be true, should like to know why they could not board, even at the risk of Jonah 's fate. I will go 
with them in all constitutional rneasures, in every- 
convict those white men? One white man was 
thing that is right and fair and just to both sec- 
tried in the Federal court, before a Federal judge, 
and by a jury selected from one of the entire tions,öf the country; but they cannot, go help me 
