604 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 8, 
municating the report of Captain Simpson, of his explora- 
tiOi)S' across thé Great Bäsin oc Utah Territory, called for 
by *esoiution of the Senate of the 30th of January, 1861, 
additional copies be printed tor 
be :printcd, a-nd that 
the use of the Senate. 
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will 
go •to the Committee on Printirw. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The foltowing bills from the House of Repre- 
sentätives • were severally read twice by their 
tick'S, and referred as indicated below: 
vide—to the Cömmittee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads. 
A bill (No. 975) for the confirmation of the title 
to-the oeiline lands in Jackson county, Illinois, to 
D.' H. Brush, and others—to the Committee on 
Public Lands. 
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW JERSEY. 
Mr. THOMSON. that the 
of' the Legislaturc of New Jersey, in relation to 
the Union of the States, and recommending-• the 
adoption of the compromise measures proposed 
by Mr. CRITTENDEN, and appointing commission- 
ers to confer with Congress and the sister States, 
with a vies's.' to the settlement of our national diff- 
culties, yesterday presented by me, be referred to 
the Committee on the Judiciary, and be printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
PETITIONS AND ML'MORIAL. 
Mr. SEWARD presented four petitions of cit- 
izens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the 
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all 
the laws; which were ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. KING presented three petitions of citizens 
of New York, praying that Congrcss will not re- 
peal, or materially rnodify, the warehousing sys- 
tem; which were ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. GRIMES presented the memorial of Pay- 
mella Pellctt, widow of Sarnuei •P&llett., praying 
that the pension allowed her late husband may be 
made to commence at the date of his discharge; 
which was reitert•cd to the Committee on Pensions. 
Mr. BIGLER presented two petitions of cit- 
izens of Union county, Pennsylvania; a petition 
of citizens of Morrisville, Pennsylvania; and a 
petition of citizens of Adams township, Franklin 
county, Pennsylvania, praying for the adoption 
of the cmnpromise measures proposed by Mr. 
CR\TTENDEN; which ••.vere ordered to lie on the 
table. 
MI', VI-ALE. I presented a petition o? citizens 
of Philadelphia, in favor of the Ullion, 
the Cot). 
gtitution as it is, and thc enforcement of all the 
laws. I have received a letter that the 
petition sicyned principally by the printers of 
move that iL lie on the table. 
Philadelphia. 
'I'he tnotion was agreed to. 
Mr. PUGH presented n petition of citizens of 
Morgan county, ()hio, praying for the adoption 
of the compromise measu res proposed by Mr. 
CRITTENDEN ; w h ich was ordere(l to lie on the table. 
He also presented ten pctit.iorns of citizens of' 
t. he a (.loption 
Belznont county, Ohio, praying for 
of the comp rotnise measures proposed by Mr. 
CRITTENDEN ; which were. ordered to lie on the 
table 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. GRIMES, from the Commlttoe on Naval 
Affairs, to whom was rcfert•cd the memorial of 
in the Navy, who 
Philip F. Voorhees, a captain 
was placed on the reserved list by the board of 
offcers appointed under tbe act of February 28, 
1855,. praying to be restored to the active service 
list, submitted an adverse report, and asked to be 
discharged from the further consideration of the 
memorial; which was agreed to. 
BILL INTRODUCED. 
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con- 
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu- 
tion (S. No. 62) in relation to Dominick Lynch, 
ot'•the Navy; which was read twice by us title, 
and referred, with the accnmpanying papers, to 
the Comxnittee on Naval Affairs. 
M'CORMICK'S PATENT. 
Mr. WADE. move to take up the resolution 
of tbc House of Representatives on the subject of 
McCormick's patent for a reaping machine. 
I VICE PRESIDENT. Senator from 
Ohio moves to take up the joint resolution (H. 
R. No. 71) extending the time for taking testi- 
mony on the application of Cyrus H. McCor- 
mick for the extension of his patent. 
MI'. BRAGG. hope that matter will be passed 
I have several reports to 
over for the present. 
make, and I desire to dispose of the papers which 
have been lying or) my table for several days. I 
am satisfied, if that matter be taken up, it will 
I believe the morning hour, by 
lead to debate. 
the rules, is appropriated to the presentation of 
memorials and reports from committces. 
Mr. WADE. I would very willingly give way 
for that purpose; but if this resolution is to be 
acted on at all, there is great necessity for its being 
acted upon now. It proposes to give time for 
taking testimony for the purpose of showing that 
it is not proper to extend this patent for seven 
years more. We are in danger of an immediate 
decision by t.he Commissioner of Patents. The 
House of Representatives, under these circum- 
stances, have passed this resolution ; and of course, 
if it is to be acted OD at all, it ought to be done in)- 
mcdiately; for ifwc postpone it, it may be of no 
II is for this reason that am anxious it 
should supersede all other business, and be acted 
upon at once; for there is no question of greater 
importance to the farmers of the wholc country 
than the controversy about the extension of' this 
patent. lb is very easy to show that this patentee 
has received ai ready an immense sum, with which 
he ought to be content, from Ibe proceeds of this 
patent; and it will be greatly the detriment of 
the public interests, in In y judgment, if it shall be 
But I do not rise to 
renewed for seven years. 
artyuc it; I will not it I'10W, because if, might 
provoke argument on" the other side. All I want 
IS the decision of the Senate upon the question. 
Mr. FITCH. 'This appears to bea proposition 
to take a case out of' the hands of the Coenmis- 
sioncn• of Patents, and amend the law to suit the 
I know nothing 
convenience of i") rivate parties. 
of the merits of the coutroversy, but I think the 
proposition itself is u very dangerous one to be 
acted by the Senate. The Senator says there 
I hold it') my hand 
is danger of havino• a deciston. 
written brief' of the attorneys for the protestants , 
in which tl'ley say t.here is no danger whatever; 
and all they desire, according to their own lun- 
, is a decision. They say " his [McCor- 
mick 's] proof amounts to nothing, and 0 111' proof 
I covers the case at all points. Further F)roof would 
Still, it seen)s•, they de- 
i be merely curnulative. 
we do not 
sire to take it. Fl'hey say further, " 
think the application {Or an extension will be suc- 
And here is the report of the acting Conomisu 
sionerof Patents on the subject, in which he states 
all the points urged by the protestants, and pro- 
ceeds to give the testimony on file before him 
answering every one of them; and yet it is pro- 
posed to take this caso out of his hands and 
It to Congress in order to subserve thc interest of 
private parties. Those interests it may be very 
I know nothing of' the merits 
proper to consult. 
of the controversy. On general principles, I have 
ari aversion to prolonginst patents; but if the case 
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on li is to be urged now, it is no more than justice to 
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. the acting Commissioner of Patents that his nn- 
No. 469) for the relief of A. H. Jones and H. M. swer to the application of the protestants should 
C. Brown, reported it without amendment, and be read; and shall send it to the Clerk's desk to 
be read if the vote is to be pressed. The proper 
recommended its passaø•e. 
Mr. KENNEDY, from the Committee on motion would be, and I make that motion, to refer 
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial i this joint resolution to the Committee on Patents 
of James Harwood, asking to be allowed com- and the Patent Office. They can report it to-mor- 
row lnorning if it be desired, and i presume they 
pensation for extra services performed as parser 
1 prefer that it should pass through 
during the expedition to Pmaguay, submitted a 
will do so. 
their hands. 
report 4 accompanied by a bill (S. No. 559) for the ; f 
WADE. I wish to ask the Senator whether 
relief of James K. Harwood. The bill was read, 
the acting Commissioner has not refused further 
and passed to second reading; gnd the report 
time for taking testimony? 
wus ordered to be printed. 
Mr. FITCH. I respond to the inquiry by say- 
ing that he has refused; and he alleges ample 
reasons to sustain him in his decision, which I 
have here in manuscript—reasons which ouo•ht 
to be satisfactory to every Senator and every gon- 
Into the truth of them 
tieman, if they are true. 
the Committee on Patents, if there is any doubt 
about it, can inquire. 
Mr. GRIMES. i hope the Senator from Indi- 
ana Will send that letter up, and let it be read on 
this motion. 
Mr. FITCH. Certainly, sir. It appears there 
have been two applications for an extension of 
time. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on 
the motion to take up the joint resolution. 
Mr. MASON. I ask, respectfully, if the rules 
do not requite that the morning hour shall be ap- 
propriated 10 petitions and reports? have some 
reports which I am anxious to make from a com- 
mittee. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks 
not. The rules indicate the course of business 
which the Chair shall call up; but it is subject to 
the order of the Senate. This has been repeat- 
ed) y decided by the Chair. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to make an in- 
quiry, which, perhaps, may affect my vote some- 
I have understood that the application for 
what. 
the renewal of this patent is really made to the 
Commissioner more than a year before the expi- 
ration of the old patent; and that it is made to 
and tried by a gentleman who is merely the act- 
ing Commissioner, who, accidentally, at this pe- 
riod fills thc position, long anterior to the time 
when there will be any necessity for actinry upon 
I should like to know if that is true. 
it. 
I can only answer the Senator 
Mr. 'FITCH. 
so faras I derive my knowledge from these papers. 
The application appears to have been made a year 
or so before the expiration of the patent; but it 
was made while there was a Commissioner of 
Patents; and his decision is only being carried 
out by the acting Commissioner. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There can be no hurry 
in his action upon it, certainly, if that is the case 
Mr. FITCH. And furthermore, the Commis- 
sioner says these applications, a year or so in 
advance, are very cornmon, and a renewal is often 
made that length of time in—advance. 
The VICEVRESIDENT. The reading of the 
Let us hear it." 
] If there 
letter is asked for. 
be no objection, the Secretary will read it. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
ID the matter of McCormick's ...application for Extension. 
'Ithc counsel for Inost of the opponents in this case have 
filed a rootion thr postponing the tune for closing the testi- 
tnony until the 4th day of March next. 
In support of this the counsel refer to two affi- 
davits of Willia1n N. Whiteley and David Osborne, filed 
heretoftjrc in support of a previous Enoe,ion to postpone the 
tune for closing the testitnony uutil July next. They also 
filc with [tie Inoti.011 two other affidavit—one of the coun- 
sol, S. S. Fisher, and the other of D. M. Osborne, one of' tbe 
opponents. 
'I'0e affidavits in support of the motion are more in the 
forni of sworn argutuents thun the usual affidavits of facts 
filed in such cases ; and it has required considerable time to 
examine them, and to separate the titct* Crom the allegations 
and opinions. Ilcnee, the rnotion could not be decided yes- 
terday, the day on which it was tiled, (Or want of time. 
The facts relied on to support the Inotion, so fhr as they 
can he gathered froin the affidavits, are as {Ollows : 
l. S. S. Fisher, the affiant, was not etnploycd as counsel 
far opponents Decennber 25, 1860. 
2. 'l'hat the applicant did not begiu to take his testimony 
until January 21, 1861, and nas taken testimony since on 
the 24th, 25th, and 26th of January; which, it is alleged, is 
too late for the opponents of the extension to put in rebut- 
ting testilnony. 
3. That the, opponents of the extension had no knowledge 
of the nature Of' the proofthe applicant would offer 1m t.il the 
testimonv was taken. 
4. S. S. Fisher and his partner have traveled day 
aud night to get evidence ready l'or the opponents, and to 
cross-examine the applicant's witnesses ; and that in goinv 
froin place to place they traveled by railroad. 
5. 'l'hat ten ofthe leading counsel of the country, furuiliar 
with tbc practice of the law in patent cases, have been re- 
I tained by the applicant. 
6. 'I'hat the appl ication was filed November 13, 1860, over 
Cleven months before the pat.cut expired. 
7. That there were about five hundred contestants of the 
extension, most of whom are represented by the affiant, S. 
S. Fisher. 
8. 'I'hat the applicant has served a notice to take testi- 
mony on thc day fixed for c.losing the testin)ony. 
9. That the counsel for the contestants, Nlessrs. Lee & 
Fisher, have been vigorously pressing tbc oppo,qtion. 
Afiidav.its have been filed in behai (of appkicant, in 'vvhieh 
smne of the fhcts sworn to by the oppouents are contro- 
verted, nmnely : 
I. These affidavits show that William N. White\ey, ono 
, o? the opponents of the extension, regarded Lee Fisher 
