1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
4ame; but I have' not apprehension but what he 
make ajüGt. deciSo.n on the question of prof- 
it;. He will 'have the data all before him, on 
which he can decide the case. 
'Why not allow him, then, to decide it? It can- 
not be true that more testimony is wanted, with 
reference to bringingin new profits that have arisen 
dioce the last account. The statement here is, that 
ic is not to bring in any new testimony; it is not to 
giake any new accounts; but it is merely cumula- 
tige of w.hat they have already got. What is the 
use of cumulati ve evidence, if they have got enough 
to show the fact; if the fact has been cstablished 
by two witnesses? Perhaps they might get cumu- 
rative evidence to the amount of two hundred wit- 
nesses, but that does not establish the fact any 
more firmly or any more satisfactorily. Then, 
again, as to the $4,000,000 of receipts; the amount 
of receipts is not conclusive as to the amount of 
profits on a patent. The receipts should be consid- 
ered in connection with every kind of expense; the 
cost of the patent, the cost of manufacturc, the ma•• 
terial, the work, the capital invested, interest upon 
the,capital, rent, and all other items of necessary 
expenditure. He might have $4,000,000 of re- 
ceipts,and not a dollar of profit; or he might have 
$4,000,000 of receipts, and of profit. 
Receipts are not the basis on which to settle •the 
question of profits, or the sumciency of the remu- 
neration; and the very loose manner in which 
Senators speak of the total receipts, shows how 
improper it is for us to attempt to decide that ques- 
tion. Let it go to the Commissioner; let him, 
under his oath of offce, ascertain by a cureful ex- 
nrninution of the testimony, the amount of receipts, 
the amount of expenditu rcs, the arnount of profi ts, 
and ascertain how much of that profit has arisen 
on the patent now in question, and how mach of 
It arose under patents which have expired, and 
which the public are usitv gratis; and t.hen he 
may determine what is just belween the parties. 
My objection is to the Senate taking cognizance 
of the question of profits, of this question of rival 
interests between patentees and manufacturers. 
i wish to leave it where the law of the 'land has 
placed it, i") the hands of the proper offcer. Let 
him be governed by the testimony; and if he 
abases the discretion reposed in him by the laws, 
let hirn be impeached, and we shall attend to his 
case when it shall come before us in due form. 
Mr. BINGHAM. desire to ask the Senator 
from Illinois a question. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly. 
Mr. BINGHAM. I •want to ask him, itin this 
contest between rival manufacturers and McCor- 
mick, they have to pay him fifteen dollars for 
every machine they make, whether that does not 
come out of the farmers? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. In the first place, I have not 
inquired whether they pay him fifteen dollars 
apiece, or anything. 1 do not know what they 
pay. I do not know the amount of lhc patent fees. 
I do not know whether the other manufacturers 
t.he use of it, or pirating upon it. 
are payirv 
i IF' ve not inq!kired into it, and know nothing 
about it. That belongs to tl-ke ofliccr of the law to 
asccrlaiu•, and the very inquiry of the Senotcn• 
frorn Mich igan shows that he does not know 
either. W hy should he and I go to settling a 
question of other men's rights, when neither of 
us know anything of what, we are doing? 
Mr. BINGHAM. My question was, whether 
the farmers would not have to pay the expense. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that point will answer 
the Senator. I do not think it necessarily follows 
that the farmers pay the expense, for I have no 
The first question is on the motion to amend, by 
giving instructions to the committee. 
Mr. BIGLER. I understood the Senator from 
Indiana to make the first motion, and then subse- 
quently to modify it by adding instructions to the 
J believe that is the question. 
committee. 
therefore but one motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
modifies his motion so as to embrace both insta•uc- 
tions and a motion to refer in one general motion. 
The Chair, then, understands twat the Senator 
from Indiana moves the reference of this resolu- 
tion to the Committee on Patents and the Paten_t 
Office, with instructions to report it back to-mor- 
row morning. 
Mr. PUGH. If the instruction is merely to 
report it to-morrow, I shall make no objection; 
though I think it is unnecessary. 
The question being put, the Presiding Offcer 
declared that the ayes appeured Jo have It. 
Mr. PUGH. ask for tbe yeas and nays on 
the question. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. NICHOLSON. 1 wish to state that on 
this question I have paired off writh the Senator 
from California, [Mr. LATHAM,] who would vote 
in the negative. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 18, nays 24; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bavard, Bigler, Bragg, Clingman, Doug- 
las, Fitch, Uunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of •reti- 
nessee, Lane, Mason, Polk, Powell, Purvh, Rice, Sauisbury, 
Set)tstian, aud 
N A YS—M essrs. Änthony, Bingham. Cameron, Chandler, 
Clark, Collanwr, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fos- 
ter, Green, Grinues, Harkan, King, Morrill, Pearce, Silli- 
Inons, Sutnner, 'Yen Eyck, 'I'rumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, 
and itViison—24. 
So the Senate refused to refer the resolution to 
the Committee on Patents with instructions. 
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to explain, in a single 
I shall vote 
word, my vote on this resolution. 
acruinst it because of the character of the legisla- 
tion, and because of the views presented by the 
i think it is setting-r a 
Senator from Delaware. 
most dangerous precedent; and one which will 
come back probably to plague succeedirp Con- 
gresses. While this in itself may not ao any 
special wrong, it is the worst possible system of 
legislation that can be initiated. My own State 
has had sad experience of this killd of special 
For this rea- 
interference and special legislation. 
son I cannot vote for the resolution. 
I have had occasion to look into this question 
to some extent; and I will say, because i deem it 
justice to myself to say it, that were I the offcer 
of the law I should not extend this patent. I think 
it is perfectly clear case acrainst it. I have read 
the papers, and satisfied myself that there is no 
substantial reason why chis patent should be ex- 
tended ; but that isa question for the proper ofiicer, 
and [ have no reason to presume that he will not 
perform his duties in good faith and carry out the 
I shall therefore vote 
law in its letter and spirit. 
atra inst this resolution. 
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate 
without amendment. 
Mr. DOUGLAS How long is the time ex- 
tended ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution 
will be read at length. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Be it resoloed, ec. , That the. further timc of ninety days 
bc given to parties interested in resisting the extension of 
the-patent of Cyrus II. McCormick for his patent reaper, or 
. his unprovements or modifications of the saine, to enable 
them to take testimony in opposili01i to said extension, to 
be used before the Cotnmissioncrot• Patents on the hearing 
of the application of said McCormick for an extension of 
Mr.. DOUGLAS. Clerk'tö:reduce 
I move to insert after the iword•'G 
it. 
the words or. supporting," so, that:it 
That the further time of. ninety. .daj_s be given: :t-epariies 
interested in, resistipg or eupponjng the. 
Mr. WADE. I hope that 
be adopted. There is nonecessity_ for i.' whateveri 
This party has asked for• no time; -buFis 
a decision; and if-he does-m wants time, there 
doubt at all that the Cotnniissioner•will" 
him. a He has full authority-to do its-and.undoåbt• 
edly would permit him, at his 
timony within the time limited by ills: Therefore 
I am opposed to the amendment; becÅuse, fiföit 
should have to go. back to the. House Of Repfé?- 
sentatives again, it probably would-not be acted 
I trust, therefore, that ffe• friende 
upon in time. 
of the resolution will vote aoainst this amendment'. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. m undersund. that is 
an objection to allowing the patentee to thave the 
privilege of taking testimODY 
Mr. GRIMES. Senator from. Illinois 
will allow me, wish td ask himaquestioh ;tizvhether 
he: really thinks that Mr.- McCbrmicksqiould•: be 
denied the right or privilege of taking 
timony under the resolution as it nowstånds,? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand it is so,- plainly; 
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it is not a nega- 
tive pregnant at all. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. It strikes me the language 
is peculiar, and as if it were very artfully drawn 
10 allow testimony on one side and exclude it on 
the other; and certainly, if such is not the design, 
there is harm in inserting the words. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will allow 
me to ask him a question: whether, if we do not 
pass this resolution, the Commissioner has not 
perfect authority, if he chooses to exertit„to, ex- 
tend the time ninety days or more, for the purpose 
of allowing Mr. McCormick to take testimoßy ? 
That is the question. If we do not pass the res- 
olution, can he not do it if he •pleases? 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is the Senator through 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is one question.- 1 
wanted to ask another. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. One at a time, if you please. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. very well. 
IV.lr. DOUGLAS. I have not looked at the law 
to. see what the Commissioner's powers-are. I 
am not familiar with the question •of thé •renewal 
of patents. never tried za patc-nt case in mylife. 
I never had an application before the Commis- 
I f the Commissioner has that power under 
sroner. 
the law, I am willing to let him exercise the power: 
under the law, and I do not vant to interfere ••,vith 
him. It may be, however, that he has that disr 
cretion under the law as it. now stands, and it 
would be justly exercised if you allowed the law 
to stand; but it does not follow that such wili- be 
the law after you pass this resolution. By thig 
doubt it is a question of profits between manufac- 
said patent. 
turers, and that the interests of farmers are not 
Mr. DOUGLAS. It seems it is extended to 
involved. 
enable them to take testimony in opposition. Are 
Mr. WADE. I barely wish to say that the in- 
structions tothe committee moved by the Senator they not willing to let testimony in support of it 
from Indiana do not relieve the question atall; be- to be, taken, too? It is very strange that ninety 
cause, if they should adopt this motion, it is very days should be given for testimony on one side 
It is 
I so understand it. 
probable that we might adjourn over to-morrow, and none on the other. 
and that would be fatal—as fatal as a vote aøainst i very extraordinary, if this is a proposition to give I 
it. We might lose it in a great many •ways. We a fair trial, to enable justice to be done, that we 
i missionér has a perfect power to take all the testi- 
resolution, you are passing a law that in this case 
testimony may be takcn- on one side, but, and-by 
inference, not on the other. The Commissioner 
has decided this question, and you propoéélto:re- 
open it so far as to take testimony on one side Of 
the case, and not to reopen it as to the other side 
of the case; and I want to see what this means. 
I presume it is all fair, 
I cannot comprehend it. 
We are told the object is fair trial. It e,' let 
the testimony be taken on both sides. Those of 
us who have practiced law know how important 
it is, when new testimony comes in on one •side, 
to be permitted to get rebuttincr testimony in on 
the other. The fate of nearly every law case de- 
pends upon that privilege; and if the applicant, 
who is required to make out his case, cannot be 
permitted to bring in rebutting testimony, you 
might as well legislate his rights away from him. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I care nothing in the world 
I voted with my friend from 
about this matter. 
Ohio because I thought he was right; but really, 
if the Senator from Illinois bc\ievcs in the •point 
taken by him now, it is a mystery to me how 
he ever practiced law. Why, sir, everybody 
knows, who knows anythine, or pretends-to know 
anything, upon what this is founded. The Com' 
are driven to decide it now' or never. That is all should not allow him to rebut the new testimony 
to be taken. I move to amend by saying that the 
there is about it; and therefore I hoée this mo- 
first forty-five days of the extension may be ern- 
tion to refer will be negatived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ft is moved to I ployed by the contestants, and the other forty-five 
refer the joint resolution to the Committee on by McCormick; so that they may divide the time. 
It is moved to The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
Patents and the Patent Ofiice. 
from Illinois will reduce his amendment to writ- 
amend that motion by adding instructions to re- 
ing. 
port the resolution back to-morrow morning. 
mony that he chooses, and to postpone from t'ime 
to time until he is satisfied, any time before he 
has decided the case. That is unquestionably so; 
nobody disputes it. I ask the Senator whether he 
has any doubt of it? He will not admit that; and 
I must believe that when he practiced law, he 
loarned never to admit anything for fear of the 
