Of ..law, and it means more than appears 
Opon' its face. Under the pretext of giving time, 
it i*intended to strike out of his hands the appli- 
cation. which he. has made for a renewal accord- 
ing:to law, and make the application itself wortli- 
less. So it is these things are pressed on us. We 
do not pass a bill to gtve a pension, we do not 
pass a bill for a private claim, without referring 
it to a standing committee; but under a sudden 
pressure -from- the outside, we are to be forced in 
thisburriednanner into interfering with the rights 
of piop_erty which it has been made the special 
business and duty of Cpngeess -to -protect. As I 
I do not ;know how much money Mr. Mc- 
Cormick may have made; I do not know whether 
his patent ought to be renewed or not; and I am 
not going;to examine it, for I do not belong to the 
committee; but I do know that this is a very gross 
departure from all the principles of justice; and, 
in my judgment, it is an attack upon his rights of 
property which will, if these parties succeed, be 
made the pretext of a claim against us. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the Senator from Ohio 
[Mr. PUGH] appealed to me, and called my spe 
ciabattention to that act, I will say a word in rc- 
ply. What is his point? The statute provides 
tbat certain notice shall be given to all parties to 
come in, -thus, of course, implying that, at the end 
of that period, if the notice rightly given, all 
Darties who do not come in are precluded; they 
nö..longer have any right. to object. One party 
doesncome, and contests -for a certain length of 
time, and at the end of that period Congress inter- 
feres, and says thtit -that party may have a longer 
time to contest. Now, the Senator from Ohio 
argues that that would have the effect of depriv- 
mg the parties who were duly invited at first, 
and never did come, of any notice ! 
If that is 
law, I do not know what sort of ideas of law he 
Mr; PUGH. The Senator has taken very great 
pains, I was about to say, not to understand me; 
and I cannot very well see how it can be other- 
vise, not meanino• to be impolite. 
I say the no- 
tice is for all parties to appear at a given time and 
place. When those parties who choose corne 
there, they look at the evidence which the law 
requires to be fled at that time. The law speci- 
Reg a great portion of it. They may think that 
evidence such that it is not necessary for them to 
contradict it, and may go their way in peace. 
Now, we come in and we give the opponents of 
McCormick a chance to take testimony. The 
queStion is then put to the Senator from Maine 
whether Mr. McCormick may now take further 
testimony. Ho says the Commissioner mav give 
him- that privilege under this law. I say, if the 
Commissioner does, hc setsttside theeffect of his 
notice to these other parties, all of them. He gave 
iOtice to the parties to appear at a time. aud place, 
and they appeared; and ft)l• aught we know they 
were satisfied with the case as it then stood. 
he allows other evidence to be taken for IV'IcCor- 
mick, and upon that other evidence grants a re- 
newal of the patent, he has misled and deceived 
other persons by the false notice which hc gave 
them;• and according to the decision to which I 
have alluded—I have not examined the case, L 
only saw the note of it—the patent would be. of 
no validity against them. That is where we have 
landed. 
Mr. WADE. I am not going to prolong this 
debate; my object is to get a decision as soon as 
possible. A great deal has been said about out- 
ward pressure here. Now, I will state my con- 
nection with this matter, and all I know about it. 
Nobody has been near me in regard to it. 
1 did 
not know there was such a case pending till I saw 
the joint resolution come from the House of Rep- 
resentatives. The moment that I heard it read, I 
did not fail to it must involve a question 
dee ply interesting to the farmers of the whole cou n- 
try, and to none more than those in the State 
which i, in part, represent. It v.zas not necessary 
for me to have any other pressure than that, and 
I thought it incumbent on me to look into it. As 
I inquired a little into it, I found that the rights 
of the public were about to be foreclosed forever 
on diis important subject unless this joint resolu- 
tion was brought up and disposed of to-day; and 
I asked the Senate to takc it up. The great in- 
terest which the public have in the question was 
seen and apprehended by a large majority of the 
$12 
Senate in a moment. There may have been out- has satisfied-me of nöthing else, it has satisfied 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 8, 
II 
me that the law is a chameleon profession, which 
side pressure upon the other side, prompting gen- 
tlemen to make motions that tended to delay. 
Mr. PUGH. The only pressure I spoke of was 
the majority of the Senate pressinc a resolution 
to a vote without reference to the committee. 
That, I think, was certainly unfair. What said 
was no imputation on the Senator, or any one else. 
Mr. WADE. P care nothing about it. I have 
stated all the connection have had with the 
matter, and it has been because of the interest 
which the public at large and my constituents 
have in this great question. On looking into it, 
I found a paper—I do not know how authentic it 
may be—containing what purported to be the 
affidavits of the contestants here, and those aff- 
davits showed the clearest ground for' delay, in 
order that testimony might be taken, so that the 
I found the 
controversy might be ended right. 
Commissioner pressing these parties right up to 
a decision before the testimony had beön closed 
one week, and testimony taken all over the United 
States; and the attorneys for the contestants 
swearing that they have had no time yet to takc 
their testimony, and that it, too, is scattered over 
the several States; and on their application to the 
Commissioner, he refused to give them any longer 
time than until next Monday, which will be per- 
fectly nugatory. I thought it necessary for me, 
under these circumstances, to press this resolu- 
tion upon the attention of the Senate. 
Now, sir, the motions for delay—to refer to a 
committee, to grant instructions, and all these— 
havincr failed, as a kind of after-thought, the res- 
olution itself is criticised, and it is said to be im- 
perfect in some particulars. 'I'hese men ask, and 
they alone ask, delay, so as to be able to take their 
testimony. The other party has taken his, and is 
ready, prompt, ea'Y(.u•, pressing for a decision. 
Gentlemen find that this resolution does not pro- 
vide that the otl')et• party, the patentee, may take 
testimony. Well, sir, I would as lief it read that 
way as any other; but as a lawyer, know* it is 
unnecessary that it should be so, and I think any- 
body can kno',v that. The Comtnissioner has 
full and perfect jurisdiction over this question of 
extending the time for taking testimony, in the 
same way that any court would have. I-ycnce the 
patentee need not come here for an (Extension of 
time; but if he should, I will promise him this: 
if he applies to the Commissioner after we have 
got our testimony scattered all over the country, 
and that ofiicer puts him on three days' notice to 
take it, and he then applies here for time to rebut 
that testimony, he Shull have rny vote to do it. 
The rnent is unnecessary, because you 
cannot presume that the Comrnissloner will make 
any such decision. The subject is in his power, 
and no doubt he will lend a willing ear to this 
party when he applies to him. That he has full 
power over it, there is no doubt. Now, my ob- 
jection to this amendment is solely that if' you 
fasten it to the resolution it is fatal to the whole 
case. 'I"here is no probability that we can fasten 
an amendment to this resolution, send it back to 
the House or Representati ves, have it passed there, 
accommodates its principles to the varvin• views 
and interests of individuals. 
It is not a science, 
it appears, any more than is medicine; but if we 
are to judge of it by the opinions expressed by 
the Senator from Maine [Mr. FESSENDEN] and the 
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. WADE,] unlike the pro- 
fession of medicine, it-conflicts at times with com- 
think the amendment of the Sena- 
mon sense. 
tor from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] eminently proper, 
and the views of those who have opposed it cer- 
tainly erroneous. I do not advance this opinion, 
however, as a legal one; but you may take it if you 
choose as a medical, [laughter,] that is, a common 
sense view of the question. 
Mr. BAKER. I did not quite hear the honor- 
able Senator. Did he say that the profession of 
medicine conflicted with common sense ? 
Mr. FITCH. No; but the Senator's profes- 
sion. I believe he is a lawyer. 
Mr. BAYARD. Will from Indiana 
allow me to ask him if doctors do not sometimes 
disagree? [Laugh ter.] 
Mr. BAKER. understand that the Senator 
from Indiana says that the legal profession 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Indiana give way? 
Mr. BAKER. I want to hear him. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 cannot repeat. 
Mr. BAKER. Does the honorable gentleman 
say that the legal profession conflicts with com- 
mon ? 
Mr. Fi'YCH. I presume the reporter caught 
my language, and the Senator from Oregon can 
I will say, however, that 
read it in the morninc. 
if the profession does no_t conflict with common 
sense, some of what they would have us receive 
as law does—an example of which is found in the 
construction of this joint resolution by the Senator 
from Ohio and the Senator from Maine. 
We are called upon to legislate on the assump- 
tion that an oflicer of the Goverurnent, a sworn 
officer, sworn to discharge his duty legally, con- 
stit.utionally, faithfully, impartially, will not thus 
perform it, will disregard his official oath, and de- 
It is proposed to 
cide in a prejudiced manner. 
counteract this prejudice by enacting a law de- 
signed at-jparently—no, will not say designed, 
but certainly a law which will have the effect—to 
call forth the prejudices of the successor of this 
officer in the event of that successor having any 
latent prejudice in the case. You say to him that 
he need not take testimony for the applicant, but 
I shall for the con testant. Granted, as the Senator 
from Maine says, that he may have under the old 
law the right to take testimony for the applicant: 
you do not call upon him to exercise that right; 
and if he has the slightest prejudice in the case, 
he will never exercise it, bul will actin strict con- 
formity to the letter of your new law; and the 
Senator from Ohio virtually admitted that such 
would be his action. 
He says that the applicant 
does not desire any more testimony. True, hp is 
willing to rest the case as it is, as I understand; 
but he does not know what kind of testimony the 
an(l in the hail ds ofthe Commissioner soon enough 
contestants may bring out under this resolution. 
to stop the disastrous decision that he is about to 
make. 
Therefore I ccnnpelled to urge that the ques- 
tion shall be decided now arid here, and that the 
amendment shall be refused; and I am glad to find i 
that there is no color of right, there is no neces- 
sity, for the amendment beino• made. The Com- 
missioner having full power and authority over 
I the whole subject, we are not to presume that hc 
will refuse the other side time to take their testi- 
mony, if indeed any should be necessary to rebut 
the testimony that we may bring in. Sir, I have 
no doubt he will give that time if they want it. 
Probably they do not want it; they have taken 
apparently all the testimony they want; but. if they 
should want more, no doubt E'le witl give them 
I say again, my only objection to the 
time. 
amendment is, that it will probably prove destruc- 
tive of the whole object of the resolution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. the Senate 
ready for the question on the amendment offered 
by the Senator from Illinois ? 
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on 
that amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
have listened with consider- 
Mr. FITCH. 
able curiosity to this legal discussion; and if it 
They may possibly adduce testilXIQny which may 
render it absolutely essential for the proper pro- 
tection of his rights, that he should have the priv- 
ilege of introducing rebutting testimony; but he 
is excluded from that privilege by this resolution. 
That is my opinion. Do you call it only a law 
opinion by a medical man? Well, sir, if it be an 
1M. D's. opinion, I have morc confidence in it than 
in that of any prejudiced LL.D. [Laughter.] 
The Senator from Ohio dwelt x,vith some force 
upon the statements of the attorneys in this case, 
alleging the absolute necessity of additional testi- 
mony. One of those attorneys, it will appear by 
the report in the case on the part of the acting 
Commissioner of Patents, has already; involved 
himself in a self-contradiction. One of them states 
that he has only been attorney in this case for 
certain limited time; and that Is one of the reasons 
he adduces in favor of the extension of the period 
for taking testitnony; alleging that, having been 
attorney for but a short period, he has not had 
sufficient time within which to take testimony. 
It appears, however, by the report of the acting 
Commissioner, that this gentEeman bas pro- 
fessed to be the attorney for those protestants a 
much longer time than he states in his application 
for an extension. I leave him and his friends to 
I reconcile this discrepancy in his statements. 
