1861. 
The Senator. intimated that there might be. an 
outside pressure operating •upon gentlemen on 
this side, induc.ing them to delay this question. 
1 
Mr. WADE. Oh, no; I did not say that. 
said that my colleague had stated that there was 
an outside pressure, and I replied to it. I did not 
say there was any. 
Mr. FITCH. Ifthe Senator simply disclaimed 
it for himself, it was his right for him to do so. 
I have no right to su ose any outside pressure 
am sure none did on me. 
operated on him; an 
Mr. WADE. I did not say that there was.any 
such pressure operatinT. 
Mr. FITCH. The debate so far, if anything 
was wantilP to convince us of the impropriety of 
hastily adopting this resolution, I should think 
had supplied the wrant. Here. are grave legal ques- 
tions.involved; and yet you propose to pass the 
resolution without permitting it to go through the 
usual routine of reference to a committee and a 
report from that committee, when you have thé 
pledge of the committee, and accompanied with 
a motion to instruct it, even if the pledge was not 
given, to report back the resolution to-morrow. 
If, therefore, there is delay in its passage, that 
delay is properly chargeable to those who have 
refused to permit the resolution to take the ordi- 
nary course of legislation, a refusal which I ap- 
prehend they will ultimately find will not hasten 
Its passage. 
Mr. GREEN. I am very sorry to see the whole 
day appropriated for private bills consumed with 
one question, and I do hopé we shall take the vote 
1 desire thc pas- 
after i makea single remark. 
sage of this resolut.ion in order to postpone the 
decision, and I will state frankly why I desire, it. 
The present acting Commissioner was clerk when 
the present attorney for McCormick was Conl- 
missioner of Patents. This fact gives him, al- 
though a high-toned gentlcnnan, an undue influ- 
ence over him This is my information; it may 
I want the decision postponed. 
not be correct. 
Every farmer in the State of Missouri who buys 
a reaper, is taxed at least fifteen dollars for the 
benefit of this patentee. He has made millions 
of dollars. The object of the patent law has been 
fall y accomplished, and I am opposed to giving 
him money at the expense of the farmers; and 
hence I shan go for the resolution. 
Mr GRUMES. am going with the Senator 
from Missouri in favor of the passage of this res- 
olution; but the former Commissioner of Patents 
to whom he alludes as having been Commissioner 
when the present offcer in charge of that bureau 
was chief clerk, I think was a citizen of my own 
State, and I desire to say here and noswv, that I do 
not believe that gentlernan has at this time ut- 
tempted, or that he will ever at.ternpl to exercise 
anv undue influence over that chief clerk, or over 
I believe that he is a man entirely 
anybody else. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE? 
61S 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the pas- 
sage of the resolution. The resolution is for ex- 
tending the time to take testimony on the part of 
the contestants. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 vote, then, 
in favor of the resolution. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays 
on the passage of the resolution, resulted—yeas 
28, nays 18; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chandler; 
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, 
Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of 
'l'ennessee, King, Latham, Morrill, Sebastian, Sirmnons, 
Sun-mer, Ten Evck, Trutnbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil- 
son—28. 
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Clingman, 
Douglas, Fitch, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, 
Saulsbury—18. 
So the joint reSoIution was passed 
FORT SUMTER. 
The following message from the President of 
thé United States was read: 
To the Senate and House of Representatives : 
f deemed it a duty to transmit to Congress, with my 
message of the 8th Jaruuary, the correspondence which oc- 
eurred in December last, between the commissioners 
of South Carolina and myself'. 
Since that period, on the 14th January, Colonel Isaac W. 
Hayne, the attorney general ot• South Carolina, called and 
infor:ned me that he was the bearer of a letter from Gov- 
ernor Pickens to Enyself, which he would deliver the next 
He was, however, induced, by the interposition of' 
Hon. JEFFERSON DAVIS and nine other Senators from the 
seceded and seceding States, not to deliver it on the day 
appointed, nor was it colmnunicate.d to me until the 
'I'heir letter to hiEn, 
January, with his letter of that date. 
uraiug this delav, bears date January 15, and was the com- 
Inence\nent ot• a correspondence, the whole of which, in 
my possession, r now subruit to Congress. A reference to 
each letter of the series, in proper order, accompanies this 
JAMES BUCHANAN. 
messaae. 
MYASHINGTON, February 9, 1861. 
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the message 
and the accompanying papers be laid on the table, 
and printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. HAYS, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No. 
58) for thc relief of Georgc B. Bacon, late acting I 
purser of the sloop-of-war Portsmouth. 
'The message further announced that the House 
had passed a bill "No. 924) granting an invalid 
pension to John Rogers, of Tennessee; in which 
the concurrence of the Senate was requested. 
BILLS BECOME LAWS. 
The message further announced that thc Pres- 
iden t of the United States had a pproved and signed, 
on the 5th instant, the following bills: 
A bill (H. R. No. 876) for the benefit of Ga- 
I concur briel J. Johnston; 
above reproach and above suspicion. 
II A bill (H. R. No. 919) for the relief of F. M. 
entirely in the views of the Senator from I'vlis- 
il Beauchamp and Betsy D. Townsend; and 
souri regard to the passage of this resolution; 
but I think that it is il.lStice to that former Com- 
, a ci t.izen of my own State, that I should 
missioner 
make this declaration. 
Mr. GREELN. One word in explanation. I 
dill not intirnate anything a«rainst the honor of the 
gentlernan; but his fortner• position gives him that 
Influence, willether he desires to exercise it. or 
not. 
Mr. GRIMES. Iam satisfied that he does not. 
The question being taken by yeas and nays on 
Mr. DOUGLAS'S amendment, resulted—yeas 18, 
nays 25; as follows: 
YEAS—Messre. Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Clingman, Doug- 
las. Fitch. Hunter, Johnson or Arkansas, Johnson of 'Pen- 
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Pofk, Powell, 
Pugh, Saulsbury, and Thomson—18. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand- 
ler, Clark, Collarner, Doolittle, Durkec, Pesscndcn, Foot, 
Foster, Green, Grirnes, Hale, Harlan, King, Latham, Mor- 
rikl, Simrnons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Truillbull, Wade, Wil- 
kinson, and Wilson—25. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read- 
ing, and was read the third lime. 
Mr. BAYARD. On the passage of the resolu- 
Ido not do it 
tion, I ask for the yeas and nays. 
for delay; but I want to record my vote against 
such a precedent. 
The veas and nays were ordcrcd. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I want to vote 
against the •extension of this patent, if I can. 
What is the question ? 
A bill (H. R. No. 670 granting an increase of 
pension to William G. ernard, late a soldier in 
theUnitcd States Army. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered, on the 6th instant, at twelve o'clock 
and thirteen minutes, the printing ofa letter from 
the Secretary of the Interior in answer to a res- 
olution of the House, asking by what author- 
ity certain money allotted to Mary Woodbury 
and others, under the Sioux treaty, was paid. 
LOAN BILL. 
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer- 
ence on the disagreeinff votcs of the two Houses 
on the bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan, 
submitted the following report : 
The corniniLtee of conference on the disagrccint' votes 
of the two flöuses on the bill (II. R. No. 972) åuthorizing 
a loan, having Inet, after full and free confOrenee have 
agreed to recormnend, and do reconnneud, to the respective 
Houses, as follows : 
'I'hat the House of Representatives recede from their 
disagreement to the. Senate's second amendtncnt, and 
auree to the satne with an amendment as fbllows; Strike I 
said act Of22d June; i860, sför the 
the accruing. interest-thereon,. 
SEC, -6. and bc it further enacted, That toadefray tbéA'ex•2 
pense of engraving aid printing Certificates df"sUéli 
and other expenses incidentttö'thé exeéution •of •th% 
the sum of.$20,000 is hereby appropriated-: 
no cmnpensation shall be allowed for any service perdoi•gueti's 
under this act, to any offcer.whose salary is established by. 
law. 
SEC. 7. and be it further enacted, That the 
the Treasury shall not be obliged to accept the mOst faVOr•- 
able bidg as hereinbefore provided, unless;he Shall conÉider, 
it advantageous to the United States to do so; but, 
portion of such loan not taken under the first advertigement, 
he -may advertise again at his diecretion. 
J. A. PEARCE, 
WILLIAM M. GWIN, 
H. B. ANTHONY, 
Managers on the _ art Of the Sevi4e; 
JOHN SRERMAN, 
JOHN PHELPS, 
THADDEUS- s•rnvmrs, 
Managörs Oh the part of 'the' House of Representatives, 
A subsequent message from the Rouge of Rep- 
resentqtives announced that the House had agreed 
to the report. of the commit!ee of conference. on 
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses OR *the 
bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing adoan. 
TIIE TARIFF BILL. 
Mr. SIMMONS obtained the fodr. 
Mr. LANE. Mr. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Sen- 
ator from Rhode Island yield to the Senator from 
Oregon ? 
IVIr. LANE. I only rise o inquire whether we 
should not now proceed to the consideratiöffdfthe 
special order set for this day—the Private Calen- 
I desire to say that I believe no constituent 
dap. 
of mine has any interest in any private bill now 
pending. I have not presented 8 private bill; -l 
know of no person living in Oregon who has any 
interest in any private bill pending before •Ehe 
Senate; but there are many private billS *which 
have passed the House of 'Representatives, ahd 
are on your Calendar, that require- the considera- 
tion of this body; and, with the•view of doing jus- 
tice to those who have just claims upon the Gov- 
ernment, a week ago I asked that this •day bé Set 
apart for the consideration of private bills. The 
whole day, up to this time, has been consumed, 
and the Private Calendar neglected. I ask now 
that the remainder of the day be appropriated to 
the consideration of private bills. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
suggest to the Senator from Oregon that th'e Sen- 
ate have already, by a vote, suspended the order 
assicning to-day for the consideration of the Pn- 
vale Calendar. 
Mr. LANE. That was, as 1 understood, for 
the consideration ofa special bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was a sus- 
pension of the order assigning this day for the 
consideration of that subject. 
Mr. LANE. Then 1 ask the Senate— 
Mr. SIMMONS. have the floor. 1 
did not give way for a speech. 
Mr. BRAGG. I thought the o rder was sUs- 
pended for the special purpose of going on with 
the matter then before the Senate, at the instance 
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. WADE.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion 
was a general one, without qualification or -limita- 
tion, to suspend that order. 
Mr. LANE. Then, is it not in order for me 
to movc to take up the Private Calendar? 
Mr. SIMMONS. Not while I have the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the 
from Rhode Islarld yields for that purpose, the 
Chair wilt receive the motion. 
Mr. LANE. I shall be obliged to him if he 
will do so. 
Mr SIMMONS. 1 cannot do it. 
I move to 
take up House bill No. 338, to provide for the 
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to au- 
thorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on 
imports, and for other purposes. 
Mr. GREEN. Is that the tariffbill? ("Yes."] 
Jt is too late in the day to take that up now. 
M 1'. POLK. I should like to know from the 
Senator from Rhode Island whether he means: to 
take up that bill in order to go into the cOnsiåer- 
out the svhole a•xnendrnent, and insert in lieu thereof the ation of it now, or for the purpose of making it a 
special order for some future day ? ' I have no 
followin" : 
SEC. 5. sand be it further enacted, 'l'hat the residue of the 
loan authorized by•the act of2•2d of,'unc, 1860, objection to taking up the bill, if the latter is his 
thereof as is necessary, shall be applied to the redenxption I object; but I have, if the former is. •This day 
was specially set aside for primte billS. Private 
Of the 'I'reasury notes issued under the act of 17th of De- ! 
cember, 1860, and for no other purpose; and the secretary bills have had but one day this session; and we 
exchange at par, bonds of the United States authorized' by adjourned very eavly that day, and I think it is 
