THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 8, 
due torthe claimants, whose bills are on the Cal- I 
endar, that the order, deliberately made by-the 
Senate a few days ago, suspended as it was by 
the understanding of some of the Senators—cer- 
tainly by my understanding—only for the purpose 
of disposingof the joint resolution that was called 
up by the Senator from Ohio, should now be ex- 
ecuted, as far as is in our power, for the remainder 
of this day. I, for one, will not vote to take up 
any other bill in the place of the Private Calendar. 
I-should like to know from the Senator whether 
his intention is to take up the tariff bill for. the 
purpose of going on with its present considera- 
tion, or fixing it for consideration at some future 
da 
SIMMONS. 1 will cheerfully state, in 
reply to the Senator, that my purpose is to take 
thys bill up and proceed with its consideration, if 
I think it much more im- 
the Senate so agree. 
portant for us to provide some means of paying 
debts now lying on the table of the Secretary of 
the Treasury, for which warrants have been 
drawn -upon him, than it is to vote money out of 
the Treasury to private claimants to-day. That 
is tny opinion; but if the Senate wish otherwise, 
of course they will refuse to take up the bill. 
I voted to postpone 
feel it my duty to urge it. 
the Private Cakendar to-day for the purpose of 
taking up this bill, and I had hoped It would be 
taken up two hours ago. 
Mr. POLK. We h&vejustpassed a loan bill for 
some twenty-five million dollars, which, I think, 
oughtQ) enable us to stay our hund long enough 
to-proceed in the execution of the special order, or 
to. resume it, that was made by the Senate a few 
days ago. I hope the Senatc will not take up 
that bill, but will go on and devote at least the 
residue of this day to the consideration of the 
Private Calendar. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion of the Senator from Rhode Island 
to take u for consideration House bill No. 338. 
Mr. CRMERON called for the yeas and 
and they werc ordered; and being taken, resulted 
—yeas 26, nays 23; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Biglcr, Bingharn, Carneron, 
Chandler Clark, Collmncr, l)ixon, l)oolit.tle, I)urkce, Fes- 
senden, hoot, Foster, Grilnes, King, Morriil, Seward, Silli- 
mons, Sumner, 'I'cn Eyck, 'I'homson, Trutnbuil, VVadc, 
Wi tall, Wilkinson, and Wilson—26. 
AYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Clingnmn, Doug- 
lag, Fitch, Green , L-lcnnphlll, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, 
Jöimson of Tennessee, K ennedy, Lane, Lathan), Mason, 
Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, 
and- Sebastian—23. 
So the motion was agreed to. 
Mr. G WIN. I now movc that the Senate pro- 
ceed to the consideration of executive business. It I 
is too late to go on '.vith the bill now. We have 
got some important business on the executive Cal- 
endar; and I hope we Shull tuke it up and dispose 
Mr. WADE. I ask foé the ycas arid nays on 
that motion. 
The yeas and nays wore ordered. 
I hope the Senator from Cal- 
Mr. BIGLER. 
ifornia will withdraw that motion, :.tnd allow us 
to roceed for some time with this bill. 
he Secretary procecdcd to call the roll. 
Mr. GWIN (when his name was called) said: 
I paired off with the Senator from Oregon, who i 
is not here, [Mr. BAKER;] otherwise I should vote 
in favor of the motion. 
The result was then announced—ycas 19, nays 
of the report of the committee of conference this 
morning. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course 
will be taken, no objection being made. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 for the reading of the 
bill. 
Mr. LANE. When this bill was pending last 
I wish to 
year, I offered an amendment to it. 
Inquire whether that amendment is now pending 
or w_hcthcr it will be in order to offer it? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is 
informed that the bill has been reported back from 
the select committee, to which it was referred 
with various amendments, and according to the 
usual practice of the Senate, action will first be 
taken on the amendments recommended by the 
committee; and then amendments offered by any 
other Senator would be in order. 
Mr. GREEN. Let the bill and amendments 
be rcad. 
Mr. LANE. Then I give notice that, when the. 
bill shall havo been read, I will move the amend- 
ment wklich I offered last year to the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thc bill will 
be read, unless dispensed with by unanimouS 
consent. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 ask if there is any objec- 
tion to passing by the first four sections, as they 
relate to the loan, and will be modified before they 
are offered . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there no 
objection, the reading of the four first sections 
will be dis ensed with. 
Mr. GR%EN. I desire the whole of it read. 
It is a very important measure. 
Mr. HALE. Will it be read through before 
anv amendments can be offered? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will. 
Mr. YVILSON. I suggest to the Senator from 
Missouri that we might take up the bill, and read 
secti01'1 by section, and act upon them consecu- 
tivcly. Let tho first four sections be passed over, 
and thc Secretary coznrnence with the fifth, and 
read that sectio through . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading 
of the whole bill has been demanded; and it must 
be read upon the demand of any member. After 
the reading, the amendments reported by the 
committee will be next in order. 
Mr. FITCH. that the 
Mr. CAMERON called for tho and nays, 
and they were ordered; and bcing taken, resulted 
yeas 21, nays 28; as follows: 
Bright, Clingnyul, Fit.ch, Foot, 
Green, l•letnpliiil, II unter, of Arkansas, Johnson 
of 'I'ennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Lathan), Mason, Pea ree, 
i)ugll, Rice, Saulsbury, and Sebastian—21. 
Polk Powell, 
Bigler, Canwron, 
Anthony 
Chandler, (.N,iark, Collainer, Dixon, Doolittie, [)onglas, I)ur- 
kee, Fessenden, Foster, Gritncs, Hale, Harlan, King, Mor- 
rill, Nicholson, Seward, Sitnmons, Sunxner, 'Ilen Eyck, 
'l'rutnbull, Wade, Wigfhll, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28. 
So the Senate PQfus•od to adjourn. 
will read the bill. 
T. he Secretary proceeded to read it. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. It will a long while, 
I suppose, to have the bill read. 
I was o•oing to 
suo•gest a compromise: that thc Senators who 
calle(.l for the reading of the bill should conser)t to 
dispense with the reading, and that we might then 
I take it for we shall all read 
If there can be an under- 
it before voting on it. 
standing that the reading will not hereafter bc 
called for, hope the friends of the n'leasure will 
29; ag follows: 
i consent to an adjournment. There would be no 
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Bright, Clingman, Douglas, Fitch, 
Green, Hemphill, Ilunt•cr, Johnson oi• Arkansas, Lane. La loss of time, and wre should gain sorncthing, per- 
tham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Pokk, Powell, Pugh, 
hall'S, in personal convenience. 
Saulsbury, and Sebastian—19. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading 
NAVS—-Mcssrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Cameron, 
i cannot be dispensed with unless by unanimous 
Chandler, Clark. Col\arner, Doolitue, I)urkee, Fcs- 
enden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, King, Morrill 
consent. 
Riee, Seward, Sinunons, Stunner, 'I'en Eye k, ; 
Mr. LANE. I would rather hear it read. 
'I'rumbull, Wade, VVigfall, VVilkinson, and W'ilson—29. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the read- 
So the motion was not agreed to. 
will be proceeded with. 
CLINGMAN. 1 believe my friend voted 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The tariff bill 
is now before the Senate, as in Committee of the to adjourn a moment ago; and I think he will 
ao•ree to dispense with the reading, if the Senate 
Whole, and read. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I suggest that the reading agree to adionrn. 
of the first four sections be dispensed with. They Mr. Fl'IiCH. It is m order now to move to 
adjourn. 
relate to the Joan, part of which has been pro- 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 intended to make that 
vided for by the report of the conference commit- 
It passed the Seriate this morning, and I motion, if this understanding can be had. 
tee. 
Mr. POWELL. I understand there are some 
suppose will pass the F_.louse. The Secretary can 
begin reading at the fifth section. *The first four amendments from the cornrnittee, which have not 
sections will require modification in consequence yet been ordered to be printed. 
Mr. SIMMONS. There may be some slight 
amendments, but they are of no consequence. 
They will not be offered until after the other 
amendments are passed upon. 
Mr. POWELL. I was going to ask that these 
amendments bc printed. 
The PRESID}NG OFFICER. The Secretary 
will proceed with the reading of the bill. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 will renew the motion 
to adjourn, anyhow; and I hope my friends will 
not insist on the reading hereafter, if we do ad- 
journ now. 
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on 
a division—ayes 13, noes 22. 
The Secretary continued the reading of the 
bill. 
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted Senators 
on either side will not insist on the reading of the 
bill, provided it is understood that when the con- 
sideration of it is resumed to-morrow, or When- 
ever it may be, the reading will be dispensed with. 
That, I think, will be understood on our side, 
with a view to adjourning. We cannot act upon 
it to-night. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 would be perfectly content 
witli that, if the reading will not be resumed again 
to-morrow, so as to waste another day. 
Mr. MASON. With the general understand- 
ing, that when the bill is resumed again, Senators 
will not insist upon the reading. 
Mr. GREEN. I agree, on a condition: if the 
Senate will give us to-morrow for the considera- 
tion of private claims, I will do it; not otherwise 
Several SENATORS. Go on with the reading. 
Mr. MASON. 'Ehen the effect will be to con- 
sume time, and adjourn when the reading is over. 
That is all. 
Mr. GREEN. very well; 1 cannot help it. 
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will not 
persist. 
Mr. GREEN. I think there are a great many 
discrepancies in the bill, which will have to be 
co rrecte.d. 
I Mr. FESSENDEN. we shall claim 
row for the appropriation bills. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 shall ask the Senate to take 
up an appropriation bill to-morrow. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 desire to say in regard to 
this bill that it has been put off for three years 
by this sort of motions. Ifgcntlemcn on the other 
side will say they are willing to let it be discussed 
and voted upon, will agree to anything they 
propose; but if this is done only for the purpose 
of wasting time and preventing the passage of 
this bill, I will not. 
Mr. LANE. Let the Secretary proceed with 
the reading of the bill. 
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill. 
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do 
now adjourn. 
'The motion was not agreed to. 
The Secretary resumed the reading of the bill, 
when hc was interrupted by 
Mr. PUGH. As the Secretary is now reading 
the frec list, I do not suppose it is necessary to 
read that. 'W c cannot make anything by it. 
move that the further reading of the bill be dis- 
pensed with. 
Mr. SiB'IlVIONS. 'I'here are some sections after 
that that might be read. 
N'lr. GREEN. I think this is the most import- 
ant section there is in the bill, and I wish to have 
it read. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. HALE in 
It requires unanirnous consent to 
the chair.) 
dispense with the reading. 
I Mr. GREEN. 1 ask for the reading of that 
i portion of the bill. 
The Secretary concluded the reading of the 
IVIr. TEN EYCK. Wili it be in ordertohave 
the bill read again. [Laughter.] It was read so 
fast that could not understand it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav- 
ing been read once, it will require a vote of the 
Senate. 
MESSAGE FROM IIOUSE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
IJY Mr. H A ys, Chief Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the following bills; in which 
the concurrence of the Senate was requested: 
A bill (INO. 979) for the relief of Samuel Beas- 
ton, master of the schooner GeorRe, Harris; 
A bill (No. 980) for the adjustment of the claims 
