1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE; 
815 
of the Puget Sound Agricultural Company under 
the treaty of 1846 with Great Britain: and 
A bill (No. 981) to confirm a certain land claim 
in the Territory of New Mexico. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The message further announced that the 
Speaker had signed the following bill and joint res- 
olution; which thereupon received the sionature of 
the Vice President: 
A bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan; and 
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) extending 
the time for taking testimony on the application 
of Cyrus H. McCormick for the extension of his 
patent. 
PATENT LAWS. 
The message further announced that the House• 
had passed the bill of the Senato (No. 10) in ad- 
dition to 'G An act to promotc the progress of the 
useful arts," with amendments, in which the con- 
currence of the Senate was requested; and on mo- 
tion of Mr. BIGLER, the bill, With the amendments 
of the House of Representatives, was refu•red to 
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Ofiicc. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills from thc House of Repre- 
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles, 
and referred as indicated below: 
A bill (No. 924) granting an invalid pension to 
John Rogers, of 'I'ennessee—to the Committee on 
Pensions. 
A bill (No. 979) for the relief of Surnuel Beaston , 
master of the schooner George Harris—to the 
Committee on Commerce. 
A bill (No. 980) for the adjustment of the claims 
of the Puget Sound Agricultural Cornpany , under 
the treaty of 1846, with Great Britain—to the 
Committee on Public Lands. 
A bill (No. 981) to confirm a certain private 
land claim in the Territory of New Mexico—to 
the Committee on Private Land Claims. 
Mr. LATHAM 1 move that the Senate do 
now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
FRIDAY, February 8, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. T110MAs H. STOCKTON. 
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved. 
EXPENSES OF MILITARY DEPARTMENT. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a 
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in corn- 
pliauce with law, a statement of the c.orll.incrf'llt 
expenses of the Department for 1860; which 
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be 
printed. 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask the unan:mous consent of the House for 
leave to prcscnt the memorial of tx.vo thousand 
two hundred and eignty-nine citizens of Phila- 
delphia—all of whom, with the exception of two, 
voted for Mr. Lincoln for President of the United 
States—in favor of the Crittenden propsitions, or 
some such proposition as will settle the existing 
difficulties in the country. 
There was no objection; and the memorial was 
received, and laid upon the table. 
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask the 
unanimous consent of the House, that I may in- 
troduce the resolutions of an immense meeting of 
citizens of Kentucky, Ohio, and Indiana, held at 
Aurora, in favor of conciliation, and urging the 
adoption of the Crittenden propositions. 
'l'here was no objection; and the resolutions 
were received and laid upon the table. 
They are as follows: 
Resolutions adopted at a meeting held by citizens of Ken- 
tucky, Indiana, and Ohio, at ..aurora, Indiana, on the 2d of 
±'elnuary, 1861. 
.10hn Gaff, Mayor of the city of Aurora, was called to the 
chair, and W. II. Nelson and A. Bookwalter were appointed 
Hon. George W. Lane, chainnan the coin- 
secretaries. 
mittee on resolutions, reported the iö!lowing, which were 
adopted : 
Whereas we deolore, the bad iteling that now threatens 
the perpetuity of tlie Union, and sincerely believe that t.he 
only true course to restore harmony in our connnunity is 
by a fair and honorable spirit of compromise, concession, 
and conciå:ation: Thereföre, 
Resolved, Pl'hat we consider the peace, the harmony, and 
perpetuity of our national Govermnent, of more importance 
than any questions which have hitherto divided the politi- 
cal parties, and that the time has now come When party 
feeling should be laid aside to promote the good of our 
country. 
Resolved, . That we would indorse with pleasure the res- 
Olutions known as the Crittenden compromise," or the 
border-States resolutions," or any fair and honorable plan 
that win rest.ore tbc fraternal feelings of our citizens. 
Resolved, That we hail with pleasure the large number 
of Kentuckians we find attending this meeting, and pre- 
sent to them the right hand of fellowship, and unite in the 
pledge ofcontinued" friendship ; and let the future terminate 
as it may, let Kentucky and Indiana remain irrevocably on 
the most intunate terms. 
Resotved, That the secretary be directed to send copies 
of this mceting to I-Ion. J. J. CRITTENDEN, of the Unitcd 
States Senate, and Hon. WILLIAM S. HOLMAN, our Rep- 
resentative in Congress. 
Mr. KENYON. 1 ask the unanimous consent 
of the House for leave to present a petition, nu- 
merously signed by citizens of Catskill, New 
York, praying for the speedy adoption of some 
proposition for the adjustment of the existing 
troublcs in the country, and especially in favor 
of the adoption of the border-States proposition. 
In the long list of names attached to it I recognize 
those of prominent and leading Republicans of 
Catskill. 
There was no objection; the petition was 
received, and laid upon the table. 
BALTIMORE AND 01110 RAILROAD. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House. for leave to introduce 
tl'le, followino• resolution: 
That the chairnlan of the Committee for the 
District of Coltunbia be, aud he is hereby, directed to notify 
all parties interested tör and atrainst the c.xtension of the 
Baltimore and Ohio railroad throuuh the public grounds, 
and that said hearing be had at an early day. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object. 
MESSAGE TIIE SENATE. 
A rncssaoe was received from the Senate, by 
Nil'. PATTON, one of its clerks, notifying the House 
that that body had passed House bill No. 545, 
'-rrantine• a pension to Gregory Patti, with an 
amendment; and that it had also passed Senate 
bill No. 551, for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget, 
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence 
of the House; also, that that body insist on their 
second amendment (disagreed to by the House) 
to I-louse bill No. 972, authorizing a loan, and 
agree to the conference asked by the House on 
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, 
and had appointed Mr. PEARCE, Mr. Gw1N, and 
Mr. ANTHONY, the managers at the said confer- 
ence on the part of tbc Senate; and also, tin.tt that I 
body had appointed Mr. G w1N a member of the 
committee of conference, on its part, on House 
bill No. 866, to supply deficiencies in the appro- 
tion. submit sthc. following report, from,' the 
committee of conference oti 
between the two Houses on .t*ie .10ambiM. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
The committee of cpnference on disagreeing V9tés 
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 972) authorizing 
a loan," having met -after full, and- ftee• conference have 
agreed to recornmend, and do recommend, to tbe\respective 
Houses, as föllows : 
'That the House recede from •théir 
Senate's seeönd amendment, -and agree to the-same, With 
an alnendment, as-follows: Strikeout the whole' •arnend• 
ment, tind insert. in Iidu •thereof, the followinm: 
SEC. 5. Ond it further enacted, That tb-e -residue-Of 
the loan authorized by the act of 22d of June, so 
much thereof as is necessary, shall be -applied to the re- 
demption of the Treasury notes issued under the act of 17th 
of December, 1860, and for no other purpose; and the sec- 
retary of the Treasury is hereby authorized, at his diScre- 
tion, to exchange at par bonds of the United States author: 
ized by said act of22d of June, 1860, for the said Treasury 
notes or the accruing interest thereon. 
SEC. 6. and be it further enücted, That, to defray the ex- 
pense of engraving nnd printing: certifieateg-öf snch stock; 
and other expenses incident tothe executiön of-this act, the 
sum of $20,000 is hereby appropriated: Provided) That no 
compensation shali be allowed for any' service performed 
under this act to any officer whose salary is establisbédby 
SEC. 7. .and be it fu*ther enacted, : That thö Secretaryof 
the Treasury shall not be obliged to accept the rnost favor- 
able bids, as hereinbe[öre provided, unless he shall con- 
sider it advantageous to the United States to dÖ so ; but for 
any portion of such loan not taken -under the first adver- 
tisement, he may advertisc aoain, at his discretion. 
JOHN SHERMAN, 
JOHN S. PHELPS, 
TflADDEUS STEVENS, 
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives. 
J. A. PEARCE, 
WILLIAM M. GWIN, 
11. B. ANTHONY, 
Managers on the part of the Senate. 
Mr. SHERMAN 1 that be 
adopted. 
The motion was agreed to. 
LAKE ST. CROIX. 
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented resolutions of the Legislature of Minne- 
sota, asking for an appropriation of money for 
the improvement of St. Croix river and the head 
of Lake St. Croix to Taylor's Falls; which were 
refct•rcd to the Committee on Commerce. 
EUGENE FREAN. 
Mr. WALTON moved that the Committee of 
Claims bc discharged from the further consider- 
ation of the petition of Eugene Frean, on behalf 
of William Ft•can, praying indemnity for-the loss 
of the schooner Isaac McKim, and that it be re- 
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
The motion was agreed to. 
THEODORE ADAMS. 
Mr. WALTON , fronl the Committee of Claims, 
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending reported back Court of Claims bill No. 102, for 
June 30, 1861, in the place of Mr. FESSENDEN, 
excused. 
PUGET SOUND AGRICULTURAL COMPANY. 
M r. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask thc unanimous 
consent of the House for leave to report, from 
the Committee on Public Lar)ds, a bill for the ad- 
justment of all claims of the Puget Sound Agri- I 
cultural Company, under the treaty of 1846 with 
Great Britain. 
Mr. PHELPS. I raise no objection, provided i 
the bill bc referred to a committ•ee for investiga- 
It concerns rights under a treaty between 
ti0D. 
the United States and Great Britain. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I propose to report 
the bill from the Committee on Public Lands. 
That committee unanimously instructed me to 
report it to the House, and ask that it be put on 
It is recommended by the. Commis- 
its passacye. 
sioner of the General Land Offcc, and by the Sec- 
retary of the Interior. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ouject. 
IIOCKADAY & LIGGET. 
Mr. BURCI-I. I ask the unanimous consent of 
the House that thc bill which has just come in 
from the Senate, for the relief of Hockaday & I 
Ligget, now put on its passage. The amount 
the relief of Theodore Adams; which was referred 
to a Commiltee of the Whole House on the Private 
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report, or• 
dered to be printed. 
ELIZABETH O. WILLETT. 
Mr. TAPPAN moved that the Committee of 
Claims be discharged from the further considera- 
tion of the petition of Elizabeth C. Willett, and 
that it be re.frrred to the Committee on Military 
Affairs. 
The question was taken; and the motion was 
agreed to. 
JOHN VEITCII. 
IVfr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims, 
reported a bill for the relief of John Veitch ; which 
was read a first and second time by its title, re- 
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on 
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany- 
ing report, ordered to be printed. 
HODGES AND LANSDALE. 
Mr. TAPPAN , from the same committee, also 
reported a bill for the relief of Hodges and Lans- 
dale, thc administrators of William Kilgore, de- 
ceased, and administrators of Rinaldo Johnson 
and Ann E. Johnson, deceased; which was read 
a first and second time by its title, referred to a 
appropriated under the bill is There is Committee of the Whole House on the Private 
no use in referring it to the Committee on the the accompanying report, 
mittee has considered the case two or three times, 
and has each time reported in its favor. 
IVir. SPAULDING. 1 object. 
LOAN BILL. 
SAMUEL BEASTON. 
Mr. MOORHEAD, from the Committee on 
Commerce, reported a bill foi the relief of Samuel 
Beaston, master of the schooner George Harris; 
Mr. SHERMAN I rise to a privileged ques- which was read a first and second time. 
