816 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 8. 
mending the passage of this bill, which was drawn 
'Mr. MOORHEAD. That bill ought to pass. 
under his direction. have also before me the 
It refunds a fine that ought, not to have been im- 
posed. ask that•a letter of the Secretary of the 
Treasury be read. It will explain the case. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
TREASURY DEPARTMENT, WASHINGTON, 
January 29, 1861. 
SIR have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your 
cömmuniemion under date of the 17th instant, referrinc 
the .ænemoriå: of Captain Samuel Beaston—master of the 
sghooner- Geokge Harris, praying to be reimbursed for a fine 
öaid by him_-to tbe United States—to this Department; and 
requesting any intbrmation that it may be. able to furnish, 
with an opioion as to the propriety of paying the claini ; and 
the paperh4 facts are found to be substantially 
the- same as reported to the Department by the judge of 
the district court of the. United States the cast district 
of Louisiama,•' on wbicil -a warrant renntting the fine ot• $500 
subsequently revoked, on the Department 
äséeitaining that the money bad been distributed, and the 
United States' proportion paid into the Treasury, thus plac- 
ing it beyond the remitting power of the Departtnent. 
J can perceive no objection to granting the relief asked 
for by Capt@in Beaston, as it would have be.en extended by 
the Departinent had it not been piaced beyond the authority 
Vested in it by the act of March 3, 1797. 
Tbe papers inclosed are herewith returned. 
I am, very respecttUlly, your obedientservant, 
JOHN A. 
Secretary of the Treasury. 
Hon. J. K. MOORHEAD, 
Committee on Conmerce, House of Representatives. 
Mr. SPINNER. I ask the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania whether half the fine was not paid 
to the officers of the vessel ? 
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 presume it paid 
under the law', half to the Government and half 
to the informer. The mistake occurred in this 
way: 'the article was included in the invoice of 
a particular vessel. But it appears that it was 
ncvcr on board that vessel at all. As soon as the 
Treasury Department ascertained the facts, the 
order was issued that the fine be remitted; l.)ut 
before the order was received, the finc had becn 
distributed under the law, one half to the Gov- 
ernment and one halfto the informants, as I u nder- 
stand. The bill is to reimburse the fine whiclt 
was exacted. I think there sl'hould be no objec- 
tion to the bill; aud I ask that it may be passed. 
There being no okiection, the bill was ordered 
to be enm•ossed and read a third tune; and beincr 
engrossed it was accordingly read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the 
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved 
to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table. 
'Iihe latter motion was ngrced to. 
PUGET SOUND AGRICULTURAL COMPANY. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I now report, from the 
Committee on Public Lands, the bill whieh I this 
mornino• asked the unanimous consent of the 
I will say, that Lhc gentlunan 
House to report. 
has 
fron•l Missouri, w l'i0 obiected this morning, 
since exan)ined the bill, and is satisfied that it 
ought to 
Mr. PHELPS. say that was so 
muckl noise this morning when the bill was read 
that i could not understand what its provisi0i)s 
and arn 
I have since examincd the bill, 
Were. 
satisfied that it is a proper one. I therefore with- 
draw my objection. 
Mr. SPAULDING. 1 object the consider- 
at ion of that bill. 
'The SPEAKER. "I'he bill comes now regu- 
larly bcfore the House, on the call of the Com- 
If it docs 
miltee on Public Lands for reports. 
not contain an appropriation an objection will not 
prevent its consideration. 
Mr. DAVIS, Of Indiana. It does not contain 
an appropriation. 
The bill was read. It provides that all persons 
c:anning lands in Washin&ton Territorv in virtue 
letter of the Commissioner of the General Land 
OMce recommending the passage of the bill. 
There can be no objection to it; and I call for the 
previous question on its passage. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and bcing engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider 
t,he vote by which the bill was passed; and also 
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
INDIANA SEMINARY LANDS. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am instructed also, 
by the Committee on Public Lands, to report back 
House bill No. 282, to authorize the State of In- 
diana to appropriate the lands granted to that 
State by Congress for the use of a seminary of 
learning, and (or the endowment of the Indiana 
Uni versity, and the proceeds thereof to any other 
educational purpose¯in the discretion of said State, 
with the recommendation that it do not pass. 
The bill was laid on the table. 
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to enter a motion to 
reconsider that vote, for the purpose of consid- 
cring il at some future time. 
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered. 
IIOCKADAY & LIGGDT. 
Mr. ALLEY. I am instructed by the Com- 
mittcc on the Post Office and Post Roads to call 
up the Senate bill for the relief of Hockaday & 
Ligget The Senate has reduced the amount ap- 
propriated to $40,000; and I think, in that shape, 
there will be no objection to its passage. 
Mr. STANTON. Unless is strictly 
I think we had be tter go on with the 
in order, 
call Df conunittecs for reports. 
The SPEAKER. The motion is order, 
if the gentleman insists upon his objection. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 do. 
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD. 
I reported the Commit- 
KILGORE. 
tce for the Dist.rie.t of nibit the other day, 
certain amendments to the bill of the House in- 
corporat.ing the Washington and Georgetown 
Railroad Company; which I ask may be taken 
up and acted on. 
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. That bill, 1 believe, 
is on the Speaker's table. 
M.r. CARTER. Does that come under thc 
head of " private bills?" 
Tbc SPEAKER. The motion is not in order, 
if objection made. 
CRAIG, of Missouri. 
I object. 
ARIZONA PROCEEDINGS. 
Mr. KELL()GG, of Illinois, from the Commit- 
tee on the J udiciary, rnadc an adverse report upon 
the joini resolution (H. R. No. 46) to legalize the 
jud icial proceed i ngs ()f' the provisional courts of 
the proposed r r erritory of Arizona; which •was 
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed. 
CHAPLAINS. 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the same 
committee, made an adverse report upon the res- 
o!ations of the synod of Baltimore in reference to 
the present mode of appointing chaplains in the 
Army and Navy; which was laid on the table. 
ILLINOIS TWO PER CENT. FUND. 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, from the same 
back a (H. R. No. 103) 
commi c , 
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en- 
grossed, and read a third time;and being engrossed, 
it was accordingly read (he third time, and 
passed. 
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to rccon- 
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and 
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
HELEN BURTON. 
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, from the 
same committee, made an adverse report on the 
petition of Helen Burton, widow of Sidney C. 
GEORGIC PENN JOHNSON. 
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, from the 
same committee, reported adversely upon the 
petition of George Penn Johnson, which waslaid 
on the table. 
WILLIAM 11. KEIM. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS, from the same 
committee, reported the memorial of Hon. Wil- 
liam H. Keim, if) reference to his pay as a mem- 
ber of the Thirty-Fifth Congress; which was laid 
on the table. 
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS. 
Mr. JOHN H. REYNOLDS. In connection 
with that petition, I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to report, and put upon its passage, 
a bill amendatory of " An act to regulate the com- 
approved 
pensation of members of Congress," 
August 16, 1856, so far as it relates to members 
who may resign during their time of service. 
Mr. BURNETT. Is that private bill? 
The SPEAKER. If objected to, it cannot be 
received. 
ACCOUNTS 01? CERTAIN CLERKS. 
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, from the 
Committee on the Judiciary, made an adverse 
of the claims of the Puget Sound Agricultural 'l authorizing the paynr.nt of the two per cent. fund 
to which the State of Illinois is entitled, for road I 
Company, under the provisions of the fourth arti- 
cle of the treaty between the United States and I purposes in said State, with an amendment in the 
-E nature of a substitute. 
Great Britain, of the 15th June, 1846, shall be au 
The amendnlent was read. It provides that the 
thorized, within a year from the passage of this 
act, to make application fora confirmation oftheir two per cent. fund arisincr out of the sales of the 
report on House bill No. 186, authorizing the set- 
tlement of the accounts of clerks of the United 
States courts in Oregon and Washington Terri- 
tories; which was laid on the table and ordered to 
be printed. 
NON-RESIDENT LANDHOLDERS. 
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on the 
Judiciary, asked leave to report a bill' (H. R. No. 
472) to withdraw the protection of Congress from 
non-resident landholders in any of the States. 
Is that a private bill ? 
Mr. BRANCH. 
The SPEAKER. It is not, and therefore can- 
not be received. 
CONFIRMATION OF LAND CLAIM. 
Mr. MTASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the 
Committee on Private, Land Claims, reported a 
bill to confirm a certain private land claim in the 
'Territory of New Mexico; and asked to put the 
sanoc on its passaffe. 
"I'ho bill, which was read, directs that the pri- 
vote lalld claim in the Territory of New' Mextco, 
as recommended for confirmation by the surveyor 
o•cneral of that Territory, in his report to the 
Commissioner of the General Land Offco, of No- 
vember 24, 1860, designated as No. 43, shall be 
confirmed, provided the confirmation shall only 
bc construed as a quit-claim, or relinquishment on 
the part of the United States, and shall not affect 
the adverse rights of any other person or persons. 
There being no objection, the bill was read a 
first and second tirne, ordered to be engrossed, 
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it 
was accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to 
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed; 
and also moved to lay the knotion to reconsider 
on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
BENJAMIN E. EDWARDS. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, from the 
Committee on Private Land Claims, asked unan- 
public lands, undcrcertain acts of Congress for the imous consent to report back a bill (S. No. 240) 
titles, arid, under certain restrictions provided for, 
h admission of Indiana and Illilnois into the Union to confirm the title of Benjamin E. Edwards to a 
to have their titles confirmed. 
Mr. SPAULDING. Is the report of this bill as States, since the 25th May, 1839, in said States, certain tract of land in the 'I"erritory of New Mex- 
to be expended for road purposes, be surrendered ico; and that the same might be put upon its 
m order? 
The SPEAKF.R. It i.s in order, coming reg- i to the said States respectively; and directing lhe passage. 
accounting officers of the 'Ih•easary to pay over to Mr. PHELPS. Ido not see the Delegate from 
ularly from the Connnittee on Public Lands. 
1 know 
N•lr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire to make a said States, or to the agents thereof, such amounts the Territory of New Mexico present. 
single word of explanation. I hold in my hand as may be found due. 
the report of the Secretary of the Interior recom- The amendment was agreed to. 
that objection has been made heretofore to the 
passage of that bill. 
