THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED JOHN C.I 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 
I think 
there is no objection to it. 
Mr. PHELPS.' I must raise an objection at 
the present time. Let the bill go to a Committee 
of the- Whole House. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. 1 would 
If there is any objection to 
not like to do that. 
the bill, I will withdraw it. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 feel compelled to object for 
the present. 
I with- 
Mr. WASHBURN, of MTisconsin. 
drawp the bill. 
At a subsequent stage of thc proceedings, Mr. 
WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, 
reported the bill; 
when it was referred to a Committee of the Whole 
House. 
NATHANIEL M'LEAN AND OTHERS. 
Mr. ALDRICH, from the on 
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Nathaniel 
McLean, B. Murphy, and Charles E 
Flandreau; which was rcad a first and second 
time, referred toa Committee of the YVholo House, 
and ordered to be printed. 
SETTLERS UPON PUBLIC LANDS. 
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, intro- 
duced a bill for the relief of certain settlers upon 
the public lands; which was read a first and sec- 
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Pub- 
lic Lands. 
MESSAGE FROM PRESIDENT. 
A message, in writino, was received from the 
President of the United States, by A. J. Gl,oss- 
D RENNER, his Private Secretary; which was laid 
on the table. 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid 
before the House the message; which was read, 
and ordered to be printed in the Globe, as follows: 
To the Senate and Ilouse of Representatives : 
I deemed it a duty to transmit to Congress, with rny 
message of the 8th January, the corrcspondence which oc- 
curred in December last, between the commissioners 
of South Carolina and Inyself. 
Since that period, on the 14th January, Colonel Isaac VV. 
Hayne, the attorney general of South Carolina, called and 
informed rne that he was the bearer of a fetter froin Gov- 
eruor Pickens to myself, which he would deliver the next 
He was, however, induced, by the interposition of 
Hon. JEFFERSON Dxvrs, and nine other Senators from the 
seceded and seceding States, not to deliver it on the day 
appointed, nor was it communicated to Ille until the 31st 
'I'heir letter to him, 
January, with his letter of that date. 
•ur«ring this delay, bears date January 15, and was the com- 
moncement of a correspondence, the whole of which, in 
iny possession, sublilit to Congre>s. A reference t.D 
eacii letter of the series, in proper accompanies this 
JAMES BUCHANAN. 
WASHINGTON, February 8, 1861. 
I'VASHINGTON (hTY, January 15, 1861. 
SIR : We are apprised that you visit Washin2t01t as an 
envoy froin the State of South Carolina, bearin" a conunn„ 
nication ('ro•n the Governor ot' your State to the President 
the (hlited States. in relation to Fort Sun)ter. Without 
knowing its contents, we, venture to request you to defer 
it* delivery to the President fbr a days, or until you 
and he have considered the suggestions which bcg leave 
to subrnit. 
VVe that the possession of Fort Sumter by troops 
of the United States, coupled with the eircqnnstances under 
whicli it vvas taken, is the chief, if not only. source of diffi- 
culty benveen the government of South ina arid that 
of the United States. VVe would add, that we, too, think 
it a just causc of irritation and of apprehension on the, part 
of your State. But we have also assurances, notwith- 
standing the circumstances under which Major Anderson 
ief't Fort Mouttrie and entered Fort Sun)t.er with the forces 
under his cornmand, that it was not is not held, 
with any hostile or unfriendly purpose towards your State, 
but merely as property of .the United States, which the 
President deems it his duty to protect and preserve. 
VVe wili not discuss the question of right or duty the 
part of either Governrnent touching that property, or the 
late acts of either in relation thereto; but we think that. 
without any comprcnnisc of right or breach of'duty on either 
side, an arnicable adjustment of the matter of 
may and should be adopted. VVc 'desire to sec such an ad- 
ju.,nnent., and to prevent ivar or the shedding ()fblood. We 
represent States which have already seceded from the Uni- 
ted States, or have done so be!Ore the 1st ot February 
next, and whioil wili your State in convention ou or 
betin•c of that month. Our people feel that they 
have a conunon destiny your people, expect to 
t'orm with thenm in that can veilti0il a nesv confederation alid 
and will 
share your 
provisional government. 
lörtunes. sufiigriug with you the evils of' war, it' it cannot. be 
avoided,' and enjoying with you the blessings of peace, 
52 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1861. 
if it can be preserved. We thereiOre think it especially 
due from South Carolina to our States—to say nothing of 
other slaveholding States—that she should, as2fhr as she can 
consistently with her honor, avoid initiating hostilities be- 
tween her and the United States, or any other Power. We 
have the public declaration of the President that he has not 
the constitutional power or the will to make war on South 
Carolina, and that the public peace shall not be disturbed 
by any act of hostility your State. 
We therefore see no reason why there may not be a set- 
Mement of existing diflicutties if time be given för calm 
and dekiberate counsel with those States which are equally 
involved with South Caroiina. W c thereföre trust that an 
arranaement will be agreed on between you and the Pres- 
ident, at least till the 15th Febnmry next, by which time 
your and our States may, in convention, devise a wise, 
just, and peaceable solution ot• existing (lifhe.ullies. 
In the mean time, we think your State should suffer 
Major Anderson to obtain necessary supplies of food, fuel, 
or wzuet•, aud enjoy free conununication, by post or spe- 
ciai tnessenaer, with the P cesidellt, upon tile understand- 
ing that the President will not send hinl reinlbrcernents 
We propose to submit this ptop- 
during the s;uue period. 
osition, and your answer, to the President. 
If' not clothed with pov. er to illakc such arrangement, 
then vuctrust that you will submit our suggestions to the 
Gover%or of your State, turhisinst.ructions. Until you have 
received and co•mnunieated his response to the President, 
of course your State will not attack Fort Sututer, and the 
President will not otrer to rciniörce it. 
We most respectfully subtnit. t.hcsc propositions, ill the 
earnest hope that you, or the proper authorities of your 
State Illay accede to tllern. 
We have honor 10 be, with profound estee;n. your 
obedient servants, 
LOUIS T. WIGFALL, 
D. L. YULEE, 
S. R. MALLORY, 
JEFFERSON DAVIS, 
BENJAMIN 'f'1"i'ZPATRICK, 
A. IVERSON, 
JOHN SLIDELL, 
J. P. BENJAMIN. 
Hon. W. HAYNE. 
WASMINGTON, Jan.uary 17, 186}. 
GENTLEMEN : I have received your coun•nt.tnicatiori'dated 
the 15th instant. You say you represent States which have 
alreadv seceded frotn the United States, or will have done 
so betire the 1st or February next, and which will meet 
South Carolina in convention on or beCore t.he 15th of that 
that your people fbel they have a conunon destiny 
month : 
witli our people, and expect to forin IVitil them in that con- 
a runv confederacy and provisional governtnent ; 
that you Inust and Wii* share our fortunes, suffering with 
us the evils of •war, it' it cannot be avoided. and enjoyinø 
with us the blessings of peacc, if it can bc preserved. 
t t'ecl, gentlemen, thc 10ree of this appeal, and, so i'ar as 
my authority extends, Inost cheerfully comply with your 
request. I anl not clothed with power to Inake the arranae- 
illent yoti suctrest; but. provided yotå can get assurances 
with which yau arc entirely satisfied that no reinforcmnents 
will be sent to Fort Sutntei' in t.he interval, and that public 
peace will not be disturbed by any act of hostility towards 
South Carolina, wiki refer your comtnunic.ation to the au- 
thorit.ics of South Carolina; and, x,vithhokding the commu- 
nication with which I am at present charged, will await 
further instructions. 
Major Anderson and his command, let mc assurc you, do 
now obtain all necessary supplies, including fresh naeat and 
vegetables, and I believe fuel and water, from the city of 
Charleston, and do now enjoy communication, by post and 
special with the President, and will continue to 
do so certainly until the door to negotiation has been closed. 
If your proposition is acceded to, you may assure the 
President that no attack will be made on Fort Surnter until 
a response from the Governor of South Carolina has been 
received and communicated to him. 
anl, with high consideration, and profound esteern, your 
ISAAC W. HAYNE. 
obedient servant, 
To Hon. LOUIS 'I'. WIGFALL, JOHN IJEMPHII,L, 
LEE, S. R. MALLORY, JEFFERSON DAVIS, C. C. 
BENJAMIN FITZPATRICK, A. IVERSON, JOHN SLIDELL, 
and J. P. BENJAMIN'. 
SENATE CHAMBER, January 19, 1861. 
SIR : VVc have been requested to present to you a copy 
of a correspondence between certain Senators ot• the Uni- 
ted States and Colonel Isaac W. Ilayne. now in this city on 
behalfot• the goverrnncnt of South Carol'ina, and to ask that 
you will take into consideration the subjcet of sai_d corre- 
spondence. 
Very respectfully, your obedient se.rVants, 
JOHN SLIDELL, 
BENJAMIN FITZPATRICK, 
S. 11. MALLORY. 
'l'o his Excelieney, JAMES BUCHANAN, 
President of the United States. 
VVAR DEPARTMENT, January 22, 1861. 
GENTLEMEN : The President has received your ecnnmu- 
nication of the 19th instant, with the copy of a correspond- 
rnpreeentiag States 
enec between vourseives and others, 
which havr already seceded from thc United States, ot• will 
have done go beibre the 1st 01' February next," aud Colonel 
W. Hayne, of South Carolina, in behalf of the gov- 
NEW SERIES. Q...NOE352„ 
ernment of that relaüon;iø FortSumter 
ask the President.w take into 
of said correspondence*' With-this respeotæ_ 
fully cmnplied, and has directed to communicate tonu- 
his;aoswel_•. 
Iu your letter to; Colonel Hayne of the you 
pzopose..to him to defer the delivery of;a 
Governor of -South Carolina to the President, 
he has been intrusted, fora few.days, or until the Presideot 
and Colonel Hayne have considered the sitggestidns 
which yOujsubmit. It is unnecessary to refer specially to 
these -suggestions, because the •letter addressed, to you-by 
Colonel Hayne, of the •17th inspgpt„presents -a clear aud 
specific answer_tothem. In thiy lie says : 
I am notelptheci 
with power tp make thean:angenieut you suggest ;ibut pto- 
vided you can get assurances wicl) which-yon are, entirely 
satisfied that no.. reinforcements will be sent to Fort Sutur 
ter in the interval, and that public pcgcetwjll •not obe•.di$-, 
tm•bed by any act hostility towards South 
your coznmunication to the authorities, of Söut_li 
olina; and, withholding the which -I 
am at present charged, will, await furthg• instructions." 
Frmu the beginning of the prescnt unhappy tgoubiqs,-t.he 
President has endeavored to perforlll his executive duties 
in such a rnanner as to prescrve the. peace of the country, 
and to prevent bloodshed. This is stilf his fixed-parpösp. 
You therefore do him no more than justice in stating that 
you have assurances, (from his .public. messages, I -pre- 
notwithstanding the circumstances under which 
sntne,) 
Major Anderson Icil Fort Moultrie and entered -Fon Sum- 
ter with the forces under his command, that it was :not 
taken, and is not beld, pith any hostile or unfriendly pur- 
pose towards your State, but merely as property-of the Uni- 
ted States, which the President deems it his duty to protect • 
and preserve." You have correctly stated what the Presi- 
dent deerns to be his duty. 
His sole object now is, and has 
been, to act strictly on the defensive, and to authorize no 
movement against the people ot• South -Carpiina, unless 
clearly justified by a hostile Inpvemen_t on tlléir part. , He 
could not well have given a better prooi•of his desire to 
vent the effusion of' blood than by forbearing to resort tothe 
usc of torcc, under the strong provocation of an attack (hap- 
pily without.a fatal result) on an unarmed vesSel beating 
the flag of the United Slates. 
L ann happy _to observe that, in your letter -qto Colonel 
Hayne, you express the opinion that it is es•peeiaflyflue 
South Carolina to our States, to say nothing of other 
Slaveholding-States, that she should, as as she eau con- 
sistently witli her honor, avoid initiating hostilities between 
her and the United States,-or any other Power." 
iliate sucti hostilities against. Fort Sunn,er would, beyond 
be an act of war against the it.ed States. 
question, 
In regard to the propositioil of Hayne, 
" that no 
rein(Orcements will be sent to Fort Stunt.er in the interval, 
not be disturbed by amv act of 
and that public pcacc will 
hostility towards South Cnrolina,'• it is itnpossibie Ibr kne 
'I'hc President has no 
to give you any such assurances. 
authority to enter in to such an arrreernent or understand 
ing. As an executive oflicer. he is simply bonnd to protect 
the public property, so far as this rnay be practicable; and 
it would be a :nanitOst violation of his duty to place him- 
self under entragetnents that be, would not perform his duty 
either för an indefinite or a lilnited period. At the present 
moment, it is not deemed necessary to reinforce Major An- 
because he ruake.s '10 such request, and feels quite 
secure in his position. Should his sai@ty, hosvver, require 
reinü.n•cernents, every effort will be made _to supply them. 
In regard to an assuraoce f'rorn the President tnat pub- 
lic peace will not be disturbed by any act of I)ostilir.y to- 
wards South Carolina," the answer wili readily..occur to 
yourselves. To Congress, aud to Congress alone, belongs. 
the power to make war-; and it would be an act of usurpa-_ 
tion for the Executive to give any assurance that Congress 
would not exercise this bower, however strongly l')e may 
be convinced that.no such intention exists. 
I anl glad to be assured, from the Icttcr of Colonel Hayne, 
that Major Anderson and his cornmand do now obtain alå 
necessary supplies, including fiesh meat aud vegetables. 
and, I believe, fuel and water, from the city of Char-leston; 
and do now enjoy comnn unication, by post and special -mes- 
senger, Witb the President, and will continue to do so cer- 
tainly until the door to negotiation has been closed." 
trust that these facilities may Stili be afforded to Major An- 
derson. This is as it should be. Major Anderson is not 
menacing Charleston; nud I am eon vinced that the hap- 
piest result which can be attained is, that both._hc and the 
authorities of South Carolina shall remain on-their present 
amicable iOoting, neither party _being bound by any obliga- 
lions whatever, e.xcept the high Christian and moral duty 
to keep the peace, and to avoid all cause* of rnutual irri- 
tation. 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
J. HOLT, 
Secretary of War ad interim. 
To Hon. JOHN SLIDELL, BENJAMIN FITZPATRICK, and S. 
R. M ALLORY. 
WASHINGTON, January 24, .1861., 
GENTLEMEN : I have received your letter of tbe'23d' in- 
stant, inclosing ication dated the 23d instant, ad, 
dressed to Messrs. FITZPATRICK, MALLORY, andSLiDÉL1„ 
from the Secretary of We-r ad interim. This communica- 
tion from the Secretary is far from being satisfactory to.me, 
But inasmuch as vou stau that we no hesita- 
tion in expressing an entire confidence *hat no reinforce- 
ment win be genr,t to Fort_Sumter, nor witl the public pgaee 
be disturbed Within the p >.riod- eequisite ft.)t fuil conununi- 
cation between yourself ,-myself]- and -your govern- 
in compliance with our previous understanding, I 
