818 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 8, 
withhold the communieation with Which"'l am at present 
eharggd„and refer the whole matter to the authorities of 
SOutti Carolina, and will await their reply. 
Mr. Gourdin, of South Carolina, now in this city, will 
leave here by the evening's train and will lay before the 
Governor or South Carolina and his Council, the whole 
correspondence between yourselves and myself, and be- 
tween you and the Government of the United States, with 
aeommunication from me askingTor further 'instructiöns. 
cannOt, in closing, but express my deep regret that the 
President should deem it necessary to keep a garrison of 
troops at Fort Sumter for the protection of the property" 
o! the United States. South Carolina scorns the idea of 
appropriating to herself the property of another, whether 
of a Government or an individual, without accounting to 
the last dollar for everything which, for the protection of 
heréitizens, orin vindication of her own honor and dignity, 
she may deem it necessary •to take into her own posses- 
6ion.{• AS property, Fort Sumter is in far greater jeopardy 
nectioied by a garrison of United States troops, than it 
Would be if delivered over-to the State authorities, with the 
ptedgd that-in regard to that and ali other property within 
her jurisdiction claimed by the Unite.a States, South Caro- 
lina would ftilly account on a fair adjustment. 
Upon the Other point, of the preservation of the peace 
and the avoidance of bloodshed, is It supposed that the oc- 
eupation ofa Itu•t by armed men in the midst ofa harbor, 
with guns bearing on every part of it, under the orders of a 
Govermnent no longer acknowledged, can be other than the 
occasion ofconstant irritation, excitement, and indignation. 
It creates a condition of things which, 1 is but little 
calculated to advance the observance of the high Chris- 
tian and moral duty to kecp the peace, and to avoid all I 
causes of mutual irritation" recommended by the Secre- 
tary of War in his communication. 
In my judgment, to continue to hold Fort Sumter by 
United States troops is tho w0rst possib\e means of secur- 
ing its protection and preservation as property, as it eer- 
tailily is the worst possible means of effecting a peaceful 
solution of existing difficulties short of war itself. 
I beg leave, 'in conclusion, to say that it is in deference 
to the unanimous opinion expressed by the Senators pres- 
ent in Washington, representing Stat.es which have al- 
ready seceded from the United States,-orwill have done so 
before the 1st February next," that I comply with your sug- 
gestions. And feel assured that suggestions from such a 
quarter will be considered with proiöund respect by the 
authorities of South Carolina, and Will have great weight 
in determining their action. 
With high .consideration, I have the honor to be, very 
respectfully, your obedient servant, 
ISAAC W. 11AYNß. 
To Ilon. l,otng T. WIGFALL, D. S. YULEF., J. P. BEN. 
JAMIN. A. r VERSON, JORN HEMPHILL, .J0i1N Sranv.:LL, 
and C'. C. CLAY, jr. 
SENATE (hikMBER, January 28, 1861. 
StR: have been requested by the gentlemen to whom, 
with myself, the. accompanying lotter from Colonel Isaac 
W, Jlnync was addressed, to communicate the same to 
you. 
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
JOHN SLIDFI 1 
ills F,xeollency JAMES BUCHANAN? 
President of the Umted States. 
WASHINGTON, January 31, 1861. 
SIR : f htid the honor to hold it short interview with you 
ou the l•itlJ instant, intormal and unottieial. 
Having pre- 
viously been intörtncd that you desired that whatever was 
official StiOUI(I be, on both sides, conducted by written com- 
tnunications, I did not at that time present. lily credentials, 
but verbally informed you that bore a letter (roll' the, Gov- 
ernor of South Carolina, in regard to the oeenpation ot' Fort 
Sutnter, which would deliver the next. day under cover 
of a written communication f't•oni tuysolf. rl'li() next day, 
before such conunnnie.at,ion could be luade, I was svaited 
upon hy a Senator from Alabama, who stated that 110 eatne 
on the part all the Senators then in WV ash ington 
the States which had already seceded frolik the United 
States, or would certainly have done, so belöre the first. day 
ot- February next. Senator Alalnuna urged that 
he aud they were interested in tl:o subject of Iny 
in almost an equal degree with the authorities of Sontll 
Carolina. Ile said that hostilitiek cornmeneed between 
South Carolina (tnd your Goverutnent would necessarily 
involve the States represented by then)selves; in civil stri(k.•, 
and toaring that the action of South Carolina might com- 
pliéate the relations of your Govermnent to the seceded and 
seceding States, and thereby interfere with a peace.fill SOItt- 
tion of existing difficulties, these Senators requested that I 
would withhold my message to yourself until a consulta- 
tion tunong themselves could be had. To this f agreed ; and 
the result of the consultation was, the letter of the Sena- 
tors addressed to me, dated the 15th January, a copy of 
which is in your possession. To this letter I replied on 
the 17th, and a copy of that reply is likewise in your pos- 
session. This correspondence, ag am inf'orxued, was 
made the subjeet of communication from Senators Fltrz- 
PATRICK, MALLORY, and SLIDELL, addressed to you, and 
your attention •called to the contents. These gentlelnen 
received, on the — day of January, a reply to their appli- 
cation, conveyed in a letter addressed to them dated 
signed by Hon. J. Holt,.Secretary of War ad interim. Of 
this letter you, of course, have a copy. This letter from 
Mr. Holt was communicated to me under cover of a letter 
frozn all the Senators of the seceded und seceding States 
who sti!l remained in Washington ; and of thig letter, too, 
I am informed you have been furnished with a copy. 
This reply of yours, through the Secretary of War ad 
interim, to the applicatiou made by Lhe Senators, was cn- 
tirely ttns«tisfhetory to me. It appeared to me, to be not 
only a rejection in advance of the main proposition made 
by these Senators, to wit, that an arrangement should be 
agreed between the authorities of Souui Carolina and 
your Govermneut, at least until the 15m of February 
which time South Carolina and the States rep- 
next. 
resented by the Senators, migrht, in convcntion, devise u 
wise, just, and peaceable solution of existing difliculties 
In the mean time," they say, we think," that is, these 
Senators, that your State (South Carolina) should sumn• 
Major Anderson to obtain necessary supplies of food, fuel, 
or water, and enjoy free communication by post or special 
messenger With the President, upon the understanding that 
the President will not send him reinforcements during the 
same besides this rejection of the maiu prop- 
osition, there was, in Mr. Holt's letter, a distinct retUsal to 
make any stipulation on the subject of reinforcement, even 
för the short time that might be required to communicate 
with Iny government. This reply to the Senators was, as 
I have stated, altogether unsatisfactory to me, and I 
sure would be so to the authorities whom I represented. It 
was not, however, addressed to me, or to the authorities of 
South Carolina; and as South Carolina bad addressed noth- 
ing to your Government, and had asked nothing at your 
hands, [ looked, not to Mr. Holt's letter, but to the note ad- 
dresscd to me by tho Senators of the seceded aud seceding 
States. 
I had consented to withhold my messagc at their 
instance, provided they could get assurances sati'factory to 
them that no reinforce:nents ivould be sent to Fort Sumter 
in the interval, and that the peace should not bc disturbed 
*I'he Scnators expressed, in their 
by any act ot• hostility. 
note to me of the 23d instant, thciT entire confidence that 
no reinforcements will be sent to Fort Surnter, nor will the 
public peace bc disturbed withiu the period requisite ibr 
full connnunicatjon between you [Inyself] and your [rny] 
governmenti" and renewed their request that I would wilil- 
hold the cotmnunication with which I stood charged, and 
await further instructions. 
This I have done. The fUrther instructions arrived on 
the 30th instant, and bear date the 26th. I now have the 
Ilonor to make to you my first communication as special 
envoy frozn the govormnent of South Carolina. Yau will 
find inclosed the original communication to the I'r*ident 
of the United States, from the Governor of South Carolina, 
with which I was charged in Charleston on the 12th day 
of January, instant, the day on which it bears date. 
I arn 
now instructed by the Governor of South Carolina to say, 
that his opinion as to the propriety of the demand which 
is contained in this letter has not onty been confinned by 
the circtunstances which your [my] Inission has developed, 
but is now increased to conviction, of its necessity. 'I'lle 
satoty Of the State requires that the position of the Presi- 
dent should be distinctly understood. 'Phe safety of all 
seceding States requires it as rnnch as the safety of South 
Carolina. If it be so that. Fort. Sumter is held as property, 
then, as property, the. rights, whatever t,hey may be, of t.he 
United States, can bc ascertained ; and Ibr the satisfaction 
ot' these rights, the pledge of the State ot• South Caroiiua 
you are [I am] authorized to give." If Fort Stuuter is not 
held ns property, it is; held," say my instructions, as a 
Inili',ary post; and such a post within the limits of Soutil 
Carolina will 110t be tolerated." You will perceive that. it 
is u pon the 
presu jnption that it is golely as property that 
you continue to hold Fort Stunter that I have been selected 
tur the of the duty upon which I have cntered. 
(10 not. come, as a ntilitary man, to (letnand thc surrender 
of' a Ik»rtress, but as the legal officer Of' the State—its attor- 
ney general—to claim iör the St.ate the, excrcise of its un- 
doubted right of entinent, domain, and to pledge the State 
to make good all injury to the rights of property which arise 
frotn the exercise of tho clailn. 
South Carolina, as a separate, independent sovereign, as- 
stones the right take into lucr own possessiou everything 
within hcr limits essential to rnaintain her honor or her 
safety, irrespecti ve of the question of property, subject Olliy 
to tite Inora! (Illt.v requiring that conupensation should be 
Inade to the owner. 
This right she cannot perenit to be 
drawn into discussion. to compensation tor any prop- 
ert.y, whether ()t• an indi vidual or a Governnw.nt, which sile 
rnay deeni it necessary, her honor or sa(Oty, to take Linto 
her possession, her past history ('ives •atnple guarantee that 
upon a thir accounting, to the last dollar. 
it. Will be made, 
'I'he proposition NOW is, that her law officer should, under 
authority of t,he Governor and his council, distinctly pledge 
the thith of' South Carolina to rnake such (.•olnpe.nsation in 
regard to Fort Sillilt.er, and its appurtenances and contents, 
to the extent of the money. value of the property 01' the 
t; nited States, delivered over to the autliorit.ies of South 
Carolina by your counnaud. I will not suppose that a pledge 
like u; is can be considered insuflie ient security. 
Is not. the 
Iliouey value ot•thc property or the United States in this fbrt, 
situated w here it eannot be Inade available. to the United 
States for any one purpose for which it was originally con- 
to tbe proposition of thc Senators, that no reinforcements 
should be sent to Fort Sumter, provided South Carolina 
agrees that, during the same period, no attack should be 
made, you say It is impossible for me [your Secretary] to 
give you [the genatorsJ any such assurance , 
that it would 
be a manifest violation of his [your] duty to place himself 
[yourself] under engagements that he [you] would not per- 
torm the duty, either tor an indefinite or a limited period. 
In your message of the 28th instant, in expressing yourself 
in regard to a similar proposition, you say: However 
strong may be my desire to enter into such an agreernent, 
I am convinced that r do not possess the power. Congress, 
and Congress alone, under the war-making power, can ex- 
ercise the discretion of agreeing to abstain from any and 
all acts calculated to produce a eollision of arms' between 
this and any other Govermnent. It would, therefore, be a 
usurpation for the Executive to attempt to restrain their 
hands by an agreernent fn regard to matters over which he 
has no constitutional control. If he were thus to act, they 
might pass laws which he should be bound to obey, though 
in conflict with his agreement." The proposition, it is 
suggested, was addressed to you, under the laws as they 
now are, and was not intended to refer to a new condition 
of things arising under new legislation. Jt was addressed 
to the F,xécutive discretion, acting under cxisung laws. If 
Congress should, under the war-making power, or in any 
other way, legislate in a manner to affect the peace of South 
Carolina, her interests, or her rights, it would not be.ae- 
complished in secret. SOUt11 Carolina would have timely 
notice, and she would, I trust, endeavor to 'neet the emer- 
genCY. 
It is added, in the letter of Mr. Ilolt, that at the present 
moment it is not deemed necessary to reinforce Major All- 
dersoll, because he. Tnakes no such requcst, and fOe}s quite 
secure in his position." But should his saföty require 
it, every cflört wili be made to supply reinförcelnellts." 
This would seem to ignore the other branch of the propo- 
sition made by the Senators, namely : that no attack was 
to be made on Fort Sumter during the period sugucsted, 
and that Major Anderson should enjoy the facilities ofcom- 
munication, &e., I advert to this point, however, for 
the purpose of saying, that to send reinförce!nents to Fort 
Sumter could not serve as a means of protecting and pre- 
serving property; for, as must be known to your Govern- 
ment it would inevitably lead to immediate hostilities, in 
whic property on all sides would necessarily suffer. South 
Carolina has every disposition to preserve the public. pcaee ; 
and feels, I mn sure, in fuli torce, those high Christian 
and moral duties refOrred to by your Secretary, and it is 
submitted that, on her part, there is scarcely any consider- 
ation of Inerc property, apart from honor and safety, which 
could induce her to do aught to jeopard that peace, still 
less to inaugurate a protracted and bloody civil war. She 
rests her position on somethintr higher than mere property. 
It is a consideration of her own dignity as a sovereign, and 
the safety of her people, which prompts her to demand that 
II this property should not longer be used as a xnilitary post 
by a Governcnent she no longer acknowledges. She fuels 
II 
this to be an inrperative duty. It has, in fact, become an 
absolute necessity of her condition. 
Repudiating, as you do, thO idea of coercion, avowing 
peaceful intentions, and expressing a patriot's horror for 
civil war and bloody strifO, among those who once were 
rethren, it is hoped, that on further consideration, you will 
not, on a mere question of property, refuse the reasonable 
(tmnandof South Carolina, which honor and necessity alike 
compel her to vindicate. Should you dissappoint this Ilope, 
the responsibility for the result. surely does not rest with 
I her. 
If the evils of war are to be eneountered, especially 
the calamities ofeivil war, an elevated statesmanship would 
seem to require that it should be accepted as the unavoid- 
able alternative of smncthing still Inore disastrous, such as 
I uational dishonor, or measures •materially affecting the 
I or permanent, interests of a people ; that, it should 
be a choice deliberately made, and entered upon as war, 
II and of set purpose. But that war should be the incident, 
or accident, attendant on a policy professedly peaceful, and 
II not required to effect the object which is avowed, as the 
only end intended, can only be excused where there has 
been no warning given as to the consequences. 
I arn fin•ther instructed to say that South Carolina cannot, 
her silence, appear to acquiesce in the imputation that 
on the, Star of the West. Though an unarmed vessel, she 
i was filled with anned men, cntering her territory against 
II her wit}, with the purpose of reintorcing a garrison held, 
structed, wortli n•tore to the United States than tlie property within her lililits, against her protest. She forbears to re- 
itself? IVIEY', then, as property, insist. on holding it by an 
armed garrison? Vet such has been tine ground upon which 
you have invariably placed your occupancy of this fort by 
troops, beginning prospecti vely with your annual messaae 
of the I)eecuiber; again in your special Inessage of the 
9th January ; and still more. emphatically in your message 
of the 28th January. The same position is set torth in your 
reply to the Senators, through the Secretary of War ad in- 
ft is there virtually conceded that Fort Stunter is 
terim. 
held Inerely as property of' the United States, ivilich you 
deem it your duty to protect, aud preserve." Again : it is sub- 
mitted, that the continuance of an artned possession actu- 
ally jeopards the property you desire to protect. It is impos- 
Sible but that such a possession, if continued long enough, 
must lead to collision. No people not completely abject 
and pusillanimous could submit indefinitely to the armed 
occupation ot' a Éörtress in the midst of the harbor of its 
criminate by discussing the question of the propriety of 
I i atten)pting such a reintöreemcnt at all, as well as of the 
disguised and secret manner in which jt was intended to be 
etüEtcd. And on this occasion, she, wili say notlling as to 
; I the manner in which Fort Sumter was taken into the pos- 
session of its present orcupants. The interposition Of the 
Senators who have addressed you, was a circumstance un- 
expected by nw government, and unsolicited, certainly, by 
me. Tho Governor, while he appreciates the high and 
generous motives by which they were prompted, and while 
he approves the delay which, in deference to them, 
has taken place in the presentation of this demand, frels 
that jt cannot longer be withheld. 
conclude with an extract from the. instructions just rc- 
ceived by me, frotn the government of South Carolina : 
I The letter of the President, through Mr. Holt, may be rc- 
eeived as the reply to the question you were instructed to 
prineipal city, and commanding the ingress and egress of ii ask, as to his assertion of his right to send reinforcernents 
every ship that enters the port ; tbc dally ferry-boats that 
ply upon its waters, moving but at the sufferance of aliens. 
An attack upon this would ecarcely nnpröve it as prop- 
erty, whatever the result; and if captured, it would no 
longer be the subject of aecount. 
To protect Fort Surnter 
merely as property, it is submitted that an armed oecu- 
pancy is not only unnecessary, but that it is Inanift:stly the 
worst possible meaus which eart be resorted to for such an 
object. 
Your reply to the Senators, through Mr. Ilo!t, declares it 
to be your sole object to act strictly on the defensive, and 
to authorize no movement against South Carolina, unless 
justified by a hostile movelnent on their part yet in reply 
to Fort Sumter. You were instructed to say to him, if he 
asserted that right, that the State of South Carolina re- 
garded such a right, when asserted, or with an attetnpt at 
its exercise, as a declaration of war. If the President in- 
tends it shall not be so understood. it is proper, to avoid any 
misconception hereafter, that he 'hould be informed o? the 
i manner in which the Governor wilk feel bound to regard it. 
If the President, when you have stated the reasons wbieh 
prompt the Governor in making the demand for the deliv- 
I cry of Fort Sumter, shall refuse to deliver the Fort, upon 
the pledge you have Ijeen authorized to make, you will 
i communicate that refusal, without delay, to the Governor. 
If the President shall not be prepared to give you an bn- 
