820 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
by for the cxtinction of the title of the Cher- 
Okee J fidians to the tract of country known as the 
neutral land in Kansas; and the same was laid 
upon the table. 
Ti10MAs FORSTER. 
Mr. HALE, from the Committee. of Claims, 
report( d a bill for the relief of Thomas Forster; 
which was read a first and second time. 
Mr. HALE. That is a very meritorious case. 
I think there can be no sort of objection to it. 
ask that it be pubupon its passage. 
The- bill •was read-.- It directs the Secretary of 
the rrreasury to pay to:Thomas Forster the sum 
of $2,252, for servicesån taking Care of the public 
property atmDuhlKirk harbor, in thc State of Nev.' 
York, for three years and one month, being at the 
the terrible evils of -civil war, and the calatnity of perma- 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 object. 
nent separation of these States." 
Mr. STANTON. Ioniy desire that the bill 
E Leading representative Inen of' the Democracy composed 
shall be referred to t.he Committee Of the Whoie• ! the convention, and nearly every county in the State was 
representcd. 
Mr. GARNETT. I object. 
The convention was organized by the election of I-luah 
I I. Jewett as president. 
MESSAGß FROM SENATE. 
Judge Ranuy, chairman of the coinmittee, reported the 
A messame was received from the Senate' by I fOlloWing resolutions: 
l. Resoh•ed, 'Illat since the adtnission of Ohio as one of 
Mr. PATTON, one of their clerks, illforrning the 
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of the United States, the Den)ocratic party ot• the State has 
the committee of conference on the I unifOrmJY shown devotion to the Union, aliegiance to the 
b. Constitution, obedience to the Federal laws, and respect 
votes of the two Houses on the amendments ot I 
for the constitutional rights, and regard for the interests of 
the Senate to the bill authorizing a loan. 
OF UNION. 
i each of her sister States ; aud that the same views and 
sentiments now anirnat.c the Democrats of Ohio. 
2. R.esoioed„ That while we gratefuily acknowledge the 
services of those of Our public inen in Congress, who are 
The House then resumed thc consideration of 
striving to preserve the Union, and thus to protect the best 
the special order, being the report of the commit- 
interests ot' our nation, and the cause of donst.itutional Iib- 
erty among mankind; and while we would accept wit h joy 
tee of thirty-three on the present, disturbed state 
the measures known as the Crittenden reso- 
of the country. 
Mr. HALE. i will state that this is claim for T hc House was addressed by Messrs. HAT- lutions, or the proposätions of Senators BEGLER or DOUG- 
services rendered under a contract with the Gov- TON, KELLOGG of Illinois, and SMITH of 
i as a basis or settlenrcnt of our national difficulties; or any 
other settlmnent of our affairs, honorable to us all, which 
[ rl'heit• speeches will be pub- 
ernmcnt, and the appropriation to pay it having North Carolina. 
rilllC superintendont of lishcd in the A 
it was not paid. 
run out, 
Mr. CASE obtained floor. 
lake harbors recommends this appropriation. 
ask that his letter may be read. 
ENROLLED BELLS. 
Mr. THOMAS objected to the passage of Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill (H. 
T hc bill was then referred to a Committee of R. NO. 972) authorizing a loan; and a joint res- 
the Whole House, and, with tho accompanying 
report, ordered to be. printed. 
The SPEAKER the morning hour 
had expired. 
GRT)GORY PATTI. 
Mf. FLORENCE. There is a bill upon 
the Speaker's table granting a pension to Gregory 
Patti, The Senate have amended it by reducing 
the pension from eight dollars 10 #7 50 a month. 
ask that the bill may be taken up, and the amend- 
ment concurred ili. 
There being no the bill was takcn 
from the Speaker's table, and the amendment ot• 
the Senate w•as concurred in. 
Mr. FLORENCE to reconsider the 
by which the utneudl_ncnt was concurred in; and 
moved to lay Ibe motion to reconsider on the 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
WASHINGTON AND OREGON WAR DEBT. 
Mr. STANTON. I ask consent 
of [he House to report back, from Commit- 
tee on Militrary Affuit's, the bill of the Senate to 
provide for the pay Rhent of expenses incurred by 
the 'lierritories of Washington and Oregon, in the 
years 1855 and 1856, that it may bc veferred to the 
Committee of' the Whole, and printed. 
If that is not in 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
order, 1 shall object: 'I'hc w•ntlcman always holds 
everybody else to the rul&s. 
STAN rl'ON. It is a matter of not the 
slightest consequence to Inc. 
Mr. BOTELER, 
pe tition of 
tar y A frai r.s, report: •d ad verselv to the 
Captain H. W. 'Wharton; which was laid upon 
the table. 
a bill on the 
turnv&frcnn the Senate, with an n mend tnent. 
thut it be taken up, aud that the 
be concu . 
BURNETT. no to that, 
if ali the privatc bills on the Speaker's table can 
be taken up. 
The SPEAKER. , That order. The 
I'll AT TON] is en- 
oentlem•an from 'l 'etnoessee [ N'] r. 
titled to the floor on the special order. 
OREGON W ASKIINGTON DEBT—AGAIN. 
I withdraw 
Mr. CRAIG, Missouri. 
tho reporting of the bill by the génttc- 
Inan from ()bio. 
o\ut.ion (H. R. No. 71) extending the Lime for 
taking testimony on the applicatioh of Cyrus H. 
McCormick for thc extension of his pawnt; when 
the Speaker signed the same. 
The House (at half-past four o'clock, p. m.) 
took a recess till seven o'clock. 
EVENING SESSION. 
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock, 
p. m. , (Mr. FLORENCE in the chair ns Speaker pro 
tempore,) and continued the consideration of the 
can be efü2cted by cmjciliation and cornpronlise, and 
tuat concessions of all concerned, to secure the and 
perpetuity of the Union; yet i.ve believe that the questions 
that disturb the are ot• such a character, and have 
existed ihr so kong a pr.n•iod, that the tune has arrived when 
tho people of the whole country should avail themselves of 
upon t.he application o? the Legislatures of two thirds of 
the several States, to catl a convention of all the States, for 
proposint' amend:nents thereto. 
3. Resolved, That this convention does recommend and 
request the General Assernbly or this State, nos•v in session, 
to makc application to Congress to call a convention, pur- 
suant to the fifth article or the Constitution ot• the United 
States. [Or tho purpose ot• proposing amendinents thereto. 
'I'hat the president of this convention be in- 
structcd to communicate the foregoing third resolution to 
the presiding officers of' the General Assembly, with the 
request that they present the same to their respective 
Houses. 
5. Resolved, That the two hundred thousand Democrats 
ofOhio send to the people ot•tlje United States, both North 
and South, greeting: and when the people of the North 
shall have fulfilled their duties to the Constitution and the 
special order, being the report of the committee 
South, then, aud not until then, will it be proper Cor Lliem 
of thirty-three on the disturbed condition of the 
to take into consideration the que*tiotl of the right and pro- 
count ry•, on which Mr. CASE was entitled to the 
priet.y ot•coercion. 
[His speech 
Mr. CASE addressed the House. 
will be published in the Appendix.] 
the floor, but 
Mr. H U'I'CI-IILNS obtained 
yielded to 
NII'. BINGHAM, who rnovcd an adjournment. 
The wras agreed to; and thcreupon (at 
eight o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
SATURDAY, February 9, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
'l"he Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
BILL BECOME A LAW. 
A message from the President of the United 
States, by G-LOSSBRC,NNE.R, his Secretary, 
a n nouvtc,cd that the Ih•esideut had approved and 
signed, on the 8th instant, a bill (S. No. 268) 
for the relief Mary K.. Guthrie, widow of Pt•cs- 
ley N. Guthrie. 
PROCEEDINGS OF MEETING*. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Chair 
Ofli•r a papcu• to the Senate which rnay brino• up 
o uin a q uc•stion which was before the body the 
r l"he Chair hag received the proceed- 
other (lav. 
ines of the State con venLion of Ohio, 
contail)ing the resolutions of that body in refer 
once, t.() the present condition of Ill? country; and 
. also a resolution that they be sent to the Presi- 
, and Speaker of the House of 
'l'hese resolutions Were adopted by the convention Witb 
rrre:tt unanirnity. 
'I'he following resolution was then adopted : 
Resoleed, 'Ithat the presiding otüccr of this convention be 
directed to send to the President of the Senate and Speaker 
aud to the 
ot• the Ilouse in Congregs, 
i i Governorg of tbc several States of the Union, the resolu- 
adopted by the convention. 
'Ilbe Secretary also read the following letter: 
ZANESVILLE, ()HIO, January 28, 186]. 
I have the honor of 
SKR: [n obedience to instructions, 
tran:nnltting herewith resolutions adopted by a convention 
o" the I)entncratio party Of' the State ot• Ohio, held in the 
city of Colugnbus•, on the 23d instant, and to request. that 
they tie prcsetlte( to the body over which you have the 
Very respect(ully, 
h0110r to preside. 
H. 1. JEWETT, 
President of the Convention. 
I•lon. JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE, President of the Senate. 
Mr. MASON. I move that that communica- 
tion bc laid on the table. 
Mr. HALE. I object to its reception. 
'ltheVlCE PRESIDENT. It was read for the 
information of the Senate; and the Chair sub- 
n)itted the question to tbc Senate whether the res- 
Olutions should be received. 
ii 
Mr. (T,OLLAMER. I take it the question now 
is, whet bcr these resolutions shall be received. 
VICE PRESIDENT. That, is the ques- 
lion. W iU t.he Senate receive tbe resolutions 
which have just been read ? 
Mr. rllRÜLVIBULL. ask for the and 
nays, for the purpose of settling this precedent. 
RI"hc yens and nays were ordered. 
Mr. 'I'R,ULMBULL. 1 wish to state to the Sen- 
ate that a few days ago, as I understand, we re- 
E Represent.atives, accompanied bv a letter from the 
president of that convention to tile Presiding Offi- 
cer of this body, asking him to lay then'E bcf0Ut:• 
the Senate. 
li)ay be that sorne Senator may 
raise the same question which was presented 
- other day, w heu some resolutions were offered 
by the Senator Kentucky, f_N'lz•. CRITTEN- 
DEN.] 'The Chair submits the resolutions to the 
Mr. BARR, (in his scat..) I object. Let us go action of the Senate. 
on no the regular order. 
r. RijRNE, of Illinois. 
I submit 
that an obiection cannot be entertained unless the 
y-neml-)€n• who makes it rises froin his seat. 
a, riso when make an objection. 
SPEA KER. When a gentleman makes 
be must rise from his seat, or the 
objeciion cannot be received. 
Mr. BARR. Very well, sir; I waive the ob- 
jcgtion. 
IMP. PUGH. 1 ask that the be read. 
Mr. FUI'CH. I move that they be printed. 
The VICE PRESIDEN'I'. 
If there be no 0b 
jection, the resolutions will be read for the inform- 
ation of the Senate. 
The Secretary read thei-n , as follows: 
I)emocrctic State Contention of Ohio. 
A delezate convention of the Dernocratic patty of' Ohio 
was held- in the city Colutnbus. on Wednesday, January 
upon. I desire to have these resolutions read also; 
23. 1861 , t.ß do sonlething definite and practical D nvert 
jected the resolutions of party meetinos. I am 
another 
If one comes in, 
indifferent about it-.. 
ouøht to cornc; but scVera,l were presented, a few 
days ao•o, and reiected—not being petitions. 
think we had better act uniformly; and il is for 
that reason that I have called for the yeas and 
If this bc received, of course others will 
nays. 
be. As others svere rejected the other day— 
lieve some ofYet•ed bv t'he. Senator from Missouri, 
[Mr POLK,] and pei•haps by some other Senator 
- —l warlt to see the rate. uniform. 
GRIMES. f desire to say that] have the 
proceedings of two Republican conventions that 
assembled in the State of Iowa, which have been 
lying in nv drawer fop a couple of weeks, ever 
since the Senator from Kentucky suomitted the 
proceedings of meeting, which q.vet•e not acted 
