822 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
it; but I am not for fixing a day for it now, with 
Mr. HALE. I wish to. make a motion to refer 
the resolutions to the committee of thirteen. I 
think there ought to be some respectful notice 
taken of -them. 
The motion was agreed to. 
LATHAM. Mr. President— 
Mr. GRIMES. I desire that the proceedings 
of the meetings which i have- had the honor to 
present, may be read. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Did thcy request the 
Senator to lay them before the Senate ? 
Mr. GRIMES. The person through whom 1 
received them requested me to lay them before 
the Senate. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But in the 
ti'ons themselves? 
Mr. GRIMES. I believe there is a resolution 
in the proceedings— 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will 
state that these resolutions are not boforc thc Scn- 
ate. The question was on the reception of' cer- 
tain resolutions offered by the Chair. That, ques- 
tion cannot be interfered with by the Senator 
from Iowa. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 resent them now. 
The VICE PRESIBENT. The Senator has 
not the floor to present them, unless the Senator 
from California yields. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
Mr. LATHAM. I move to take up House 
bill No.299, for the payment of expenses incurred 
in the suppression of Indian hostilities in the State 
Of California. I will state to the Senate that I do 
not : propose putting the bill on its passage; 1 
merely want to take it up and set it down for some 
day next week, which will not interfere with other 
public business, that it may be then considered. 
It is a bill of some importance to my constituency. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
California moves to take up House bill No. 299, 
the title of which will be read by the Secretary. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish, while the 
is finding the bill, that I may be allowed to pre- 
sent some petitions. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. bill has been 
found. 
Mr. SEWARD. I wish, before that motion is 
put, to asR the Senator to allow me to prcsent the 
petitions which hold in rny hand?. 
Mr. LA'TFIAM. 'l*his motion will not. occupy 
It is merely to take up a bill. 
a morncnl. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 that; but 1 
charged -to present -petitions, and that is the busi- 
If the Senat.or wili drive 
ness regularly in order. 
me to do so, I object to his motion until petitions 
can bc heard. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is in 
order. 
Mr. SEWARD. Ido not 01.)ject to it in point 
of order; but I say I object for the reason that I 
think petitions are cnt.itled in the rnornii'jg 
to preference, and ought. to roceivo it at the hn_nd.s 
of [he Senate. ape charged willi these 
have no opportunity t.o present 
petitions, and 
them, because the morning hour is o the rwisc enn- 
I should have presented tho 
ployed. 
before this time, if the honorable Senator had 
allowcd me t.hc indulgence. 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The question is 
on the motion the Senator f'rmn California to 
take up House bill No. 209, for the payment of' 
expenses incurred in suppression of Indian 
hostilities in the State of California. 
so many special orders as sve have. I think he 
will be quite as likely to attain his object without 
pressing it just yet, until we dispose of some other 
business of• a public character which is more press- 
ingu I make the suggestion. 
Mr. LATHAM. well, sir, 1 withdraw the 
motion. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr-. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens 
of the State of New York, residing in the county 
of Monroe, praying for the settlement of the na- 
tional troubles by the final disposition of the Ter- 
ritories now held by organizing them into States, 
I or by the adoption of the Crittenden proposition; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
He also prcscntcd a hiemoriai of citizens of 
Middletown, New York, praying for the speedy 
adoption of such measures as will substantially 
cmbu•ace the proposition of the Representativc.s of 
the border States; which ',vas ordcred to lie on the 
table. 
I-le also presented resolutions of the Legisla- 
ture of the State of N cw York, appointing com- 
missioners from that State to noeot conunissioners 
frorn other States at YVashington, on invitation of I 
the State of Virginia; which were ordered to lie 
on the table. 
Mr. KING presented a petition of legal voters 
remonstratino• 
of Oswego county, New York, 
against any legislation under or by which the 
local institution of slavery rnay be extended into 
any of the 'Terri tories of the United States, whether 
south or north of the old Missouri compromise 
linc; wl)ich was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. MASON. I desire. to make. a report. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 desire to 
petitions. 
VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
fl'01Y1 Virginia. yield the floor? 
Mr. NIQxs01N. to the senator. 
IVIr. C! RI I wish to present a 
petition l"rcnn a i.'ouL u of your constitu- 
• , and Ininc, (Df [he county of Fayette, in 
ents, sn 
the State ()t• Kentucky; tuld ask that it be read. 
The Secretary read it, as föllows: 
To the Senuic a•nd of Representatives of the Congress 
01 (_ljlite.d States : 
people cou nty, Kentucky. RrprOssino 
Elient. tn ( ; n ion II nder tile *östering influences 
Inade InosE un preeedo nt.ed ad- 
(it' "'hieh onr count ry has 
, and civilization, and otn• pco- 
vanee in 0th, 
ple have, enjoyed pros perity and happiness, decillinrr 
its existence of vital to t.bc preservation of our 
an ion as d isastrous our 
liherties, and 
interesr.s, alike denouuce the secession luovcnnent.s 
spirit. ot• resistance to 
at. North that. 
at the Sou:h 
the laws of conntrv relat i ve to our rights in slave prop. 
crty, which is recognized both by the Constitution and thc 
of 
precipita te action of 
VVc bc110id with atnnzcment the 
tile s•eeeding Stat.e•.:, and with distrust the refusal 01) tine 
Inajority ()t• the {loin ilia 11! party in (Jongt(.'ss to 
give us, who (I esire to grand by tho U ion . such 
as svc requirc that our rirrhts Wii! be respected and secured 
I Ve speak Cor ourselves, and believe we speak (Or a 
large iority oil 
approve of ( 
. n to t hp Constituti on 
llon. J. J. (hU'rTEN1) 
and proposition of onr Se nator, 
that they •.vill end the culltiuued 
a " i tat ion o t 
the slav€:ry qu throughout the country ; and deen)i21'T 
these, o. soillet\ling equi.valent to t he'll. absoftue;y neces- 
protection. Ive bul eonsi(icr the refu 
sary to our 
of t.be tnaioritv in Conszt•es.s to act. upon then) as indicative 
of such a (let.ertnined hostili!.y on their part t.D the institu- 
tions of the Sout.h as alienate tbc whole of the slave 
States the free States. 
Belie vinu that. Mr. CRITTENDEN'S propositions guaranty 
to us no niore than what we have a iust right to ask from 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope it will not be take these, and 
ask that Congress take inunediato action on them, that we 
taken up until the petitions are through. I have 
and the rest of the. people of Keritueky• may tlndcrstand tl-je 
been waiting here for two (lays Wilh petitions to position which occupy relative to the extreme parties 
present. My hands are full of tbem. 
North and South. 
Mr.LATHAM. Mr. CRITTENDEN. am now further 
wili understand that t do not propose to go into char(red to present to the Senate a memorial of 
any discussion of this bill, but merely to take it citizens of Waldoboro', in the State of Maine, 
up in order to set it down for consideration at 
praying for an au just Inent upon the basis of the 
some future day. 
I have ahso a petition fro rn 
resolutions. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I oppose its boing taken certain citizcl'ls of Rowley, Massachusetts, pray- 
up. If this bili be taken up, another may be. 
ing for the settlen•zent of the national troubles upon 
the question is not proper for you 10 decide, sir, 
I have a netition from citizens 
the sanne basis. 
whether it can be taken up while petitions are i of St. Louis to the same effect, 
I have also res- 
ready to be presented, I hope the Senate will sup- olutions of the Democratic State convention of 
press this sort of business unlil another hour of Connecticut, held at New Haven, Connecticut, 
the day, and allow petitions to be presented. 
on the 6th instant, in which they requcst, by reso- 
Mr. FESSENDEN. i suggest to the Senator 
that they Inn y be laid before the Senate. 
frorn California whether he had better not with- 
read that resolution: 
draw his motion at the present time. I am rather ResolL'Cd, 
'I'hat a copy of the foregoinrr resolutions be 
disposed, from what I know of the bill, to favor 
sent to Ilon. JOHN J. CRITTENDEN, of Kentucky, and that 
he be requested to lay -the same before the nonocable Sen- 
ate of the United States; and a like copy be sent tö Hon. 
James B. Clay, of the said State, and that. he be also re- 
quested to lay the same before tho peace convention now 
in session in the city of Washington." 
I have another petition from citizens of theState 
of Massachusetts, and they also sign themselves 
citizens of the United States, faithful alike to each 
allegiance, praying for a settlement on the same 
I move that all these petitions and reso- 
basis. 
lutions lie on the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 will now, Mr. Pres- 
ident, before taking my seat, ask that the resolu- 
tions v,'hich T offered on a former occasion may 
d read. allude to the reso- 
be now receiv• 
lutions of the p sidents of the various railroad 
companies who assembled in the city of Wash- 
ington during the last month. 
The VICE PRESIDENT.• The Chair pre- 
sented them to the Senate this morning; and they 
were received und referred to the committee of 
thirteen, together with the other resolutions. Docs 
the Senator desire to have them read ? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; if they have 
been read. 
1Mr.MASON. They have been referred, I think. 
Mr. CIUT'PENDEN. 1 wish only to say, in 
respect to these gentlemen, that from the very 
character of their employment, théy hold inter- 
course, (0 a great extent, with the people of the 
United States in every quarter and section. They 
represent, as they state, #300,000,000, invested in 
railroads and railroad stocks. We. may judge 
from that what is the extent and aracter of' their 
intercourse with the people. They say, as far as 
they themselves believe, and from their in tercourse 
with the people, they think their opinions corre- 
spond, and they think the people are in favor of 
the adjustment which they themselves are for, of 
the great national questions which now disturb 
us. These arc petitions of no ordinary character, 
and I t,rust will have a proper consideration froni 
the Scnato. 
I wish to say onc word morc. 
I have not 
abated anything in my anxiety and zeal for the 
act-ion of this body on the resolutions which I 
have offered; but I have, for some. days past, de- 
clined to urge upon the Senate the consideration 
of those resolutions, out of respect to the conven- 
tion of delegates appoii)ted by the several States 
to rneet here on this samegreat question. I thouffilt 
it was more deferential and more respectful to 
thcm to leave the subject for their action, as that 
would bc entitled to a much more controlling in- 
fluence than anything I could do. 
It is fbr that 
reason, and that only, and not from any abate- 
ment in ray zeal and anxiety on the subject, 
that I have not pressed them recently; and I wish 
it to be understood thut at as ear] y a period as 
can , consistently with respect for that convention, 
resume my attempts in this IZIouse to call them 
befin•e this body for their consideration and decis- 
ion, I shall certaiF)ly do so. 
VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one 
o'clock having arrived, it is the duty of the Chair 
to call up the special ordcr, which is the unfinished 
of yesterday. 
IMP. IMASON. I lnove, to defer it, to enable 
genllernen to make some reports. 
I shali not 
occupy thc floor a moment. 
I gave the floor to 
the Sernator from Kentucky, without the knowl- 
edge that he would address the Senate. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Virginia moves to postpone the special order, in 
order to go on with petitions and reports. 
Mr. BIGLER. What is the special order? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished 
business of yesterday—the tariff bill. 
IVIr. BIGLER. Let it lie over informally. 
MI'. Ä'IASON I merely want to make a re- 
port. 
Mr. ANTHONY. Letit be done informally. 
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a 
division—ayes twenty-five; noes not counted. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to understand 
whether the motion is to lay over the special order 
informally ? 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to postpone 
it for the purpose indicated; and when petitions 
a.nd reports are through, the Chair wilk call it up 
acran). 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign 
