824 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
Mr-. SIMMONS. I hope the call for the yeas With the expression of a -wish that the suuject 
should not be much debated to-day, certainly 
and nays, will Ibe- withdrawn. It wasa sort of un- 
sympathize; but can never be charged with hav 
derstanding, for the convenience of • public busi- 
ness; chht the appropriation bills might be taken 
up this morning. . I agreed a week ago, with the 
chairman -of the•Committee on Finance , that when 
he had his appropriation bills ready, [ would lay 
the tariff bill aside informally fomhe purpose of 
passing;them.• That is ivhat.l X,vish to do now if 
it is practicable'. 
Mr. CAMERON. will say to -the Senator 
that, having understoodthat thatarrangement was 
made betWeen the chairman of the select commit- 
tee. and -the: gentleman in charge of the appropria- 
tion course I shall not interföre•, and i 
withdÉä„w the call-for .the yeas and nays. 
The,VICE PRESIDENT.- The call for the 
yeas and nays may be withdrawn by unanimous 
consent. -The hears no objection. 
Mr. CAMERON. I think i' is unfortunate; 
but: I shall not interpose. 
Mr. SIMMONS. It may be unfortunate, but 
I cannot help it; for I made the au•angement, and 
must stand by it. 
The motion of Mr. PEARCE was agreed to; and 
the Scnate, asin Committee ot• the Whole, resumed 
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 865) mak- 
ing appropriations for the current and contingent 
expenses of the Indian department, ar)d for ful- 
treaty stipulations with various Indian 
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1862; the pend- 
ingquestion being on the motion of JOHNSON, 
of Arkansas' to reconsider the vote rejecting the 
following amendment, reported from the Cornmit- 
tee on Indian AiTåims, to add, at the end of the 
For carrying into effect tho eleventh article of the treaty 
with the Choctaw tribe of' Indians, Inade the 2..2(1 day of 
June, 1855, and the award ot• tliC Senate Inade 
thereto, 011 the 9th of' March, 1859, the sunr of 85, 
be.ng the undisputed balance due thenl. So nnurh thereof 
as the proper authorities of the tribe snail detcr:nine to be 
necessary iin• the payerrent of the clailns which, by the 
article of' the treaty the Choctaws have assutned to 
pay, and of such other iiabilities of the tribe as they niay 
ascertain and determine to be just, shall be paid over, on 
requisition, at such tirue aud ill such Il)itnner as they 
shalf request; aud the residue rernainilltr, alter satisfyina 
Fuel) ciåitns and liabilities, shall be field in trust tor the 
benefit of the Choctaws, according to the provisions of the 
thirteenth article of the said treaty. 
In lien of tnaking such 
payntents in money, the Secretary of the 'I' reast.u•y Inay, 
at his discretion, issue to the Choctaws, on their requisi- 
tion, as aftn•esaid, certificates of stock in the name of' the 
United States, bearincr i') terest at the rate of six per cent. 
per anntnn, payable suni-annually at the ']'reasury of the 
United Suites, said certificates to be rcdeemablc in ton 
years, or sooner, at tbc pleasure o!' the President or the Uni- 
ted States, and to be transfcratjle by the proper authorities 
or-the Choctaw nation in such torn) as the Secretary of the 
'.rreasury shall prescribe: Provided, 'i'hat the question 
whether the undetertniued baiancc not now appropriated of' 
$1 .150,000 of the sum reported by the Connnit.tec on indian 
Athirs as due to the Choctaws, under the treaty and award 
nfOresaid, a legitünate charge against the Choctaws by 
the terms of said award. be reserved Ibr the future decision 
ot• the Senate. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This has been 
a matter of' contest fbr a great many years. 'IN lic 
case was beforc us, [ think, this day week; 
there was then, evidently, very little disposition 
in the Senate to consider it. It. was at instance 
•—as the Senator fi•orn thc chairnlan of 
the on Finance 5 
has 
the rcconsidcration was moved; and it has consc- 
quently fallcn upon 
in order to show tho truth 
and the strength of the convictions which I then 
entertained. to explain the rnattm• in sorne nu•as- 
urc to the Senate. 
I have never addressed this 
body on any subject with a single of 
pleasure. 
I have .nevor consumed much of the 
time of this body in any instance, or on any sub- 
jeet, as every one here is perfectly aware R That 
this, to me, is no labor of love; so tar as the enjoy- 
ment of an opportunity to address the Senate is 
concerned, every one, I think, will recocrnize. 
Whchever I have addressed the Senate, it has been 
only from a sense of- duty; and with that con- 
sciousness, I now proceed the taslc before 
Sir, I believe I understand the subject-matter 
that is now before us, and I shall endeavor to sim- 
In doing so, I may find it necessary to 
plify it. 
enter into some detail—for fr,has been compiicated 
by the skill of adversaries and the ignorance of 
oihers; and if, upon an examination of the sub- 
ject, it does not become palpable to every one that 
the opposition to it is utterly intolerable, i shall 
be very mueh mistaken. Jf such should not be ! 
the case, I shall ascribe it to its true cause: my I 
inability to explain it as it. ought to be explained. I 
even where my constituents were most deeply to 
be affected by the action of this body. 
In presenting this case, MI'. President, I shall 
address myself to the facts as they are, and shall 
attempt to reduce them' to some order. 
incr around to find the opposition that, has been 
made to this claim, cannot repeat with justice 
what I said the other day, that have found the 
opposition to come exclusively from the Senators 
In looking 
or Representatives of the North. 
through the history of the matter, I believe I was 
not just in that statement; and I therefore beg 
leave at once to retract it. I find that the opposi- 
tion cmnps from the Committee on Finance, and, 
I think, from no other quarter. 
In no part of the 
debates that have taken place fora number of 
years on the subject, do I find that the opposition 
If the gen- 
to it has come from anywhere else. 
t.lemen of the Finance Committee would state 
frankly what their objections are, I am sure it 
would prove to the Senate one of two things; either 
the fact that those objections could easily be an- 
swered, or the fact that thev know nothing of the 
subject-matter of the claim. That is the condi- 
tion in which that committee must stand before 
If they ahemselves would go into an 
the Senate. 
examination of it, I believe they would admit the 
fact. 
I do not believe that they have, from the 
beginning, taken up this subject, and investigated 
it; but 1 can assure them, if they would earnestly 
address- themselves to an investigation of the sub- 
ject, it would not take them more t.han forty-eight 
hours to master it. This is the situation of this 
matter, which I now propose to present to the 
Senate; and in doing so, shall endeavor to use 
no unnecessary words, and to repeat in no in- 
stance, if possible, those facts which I shall lay 
before them. 
Mr. PEARCE. •Will the Senator from Ark- 
ansas alkow roe to interrupt him one rnmnent? 
Mr. JO[INSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir. 
Mr. By way of vindication of thc 
Cormnit,t.ee. oti Finance, I beg leave to say that 
this subject was 110t confided to their charge. The 
Conunittee h.ave always had it in charge. 
The Committee on Finance reported the bill, of 
course, with no provision on this subject. When 
they found that arnendment cornil)g from the 
Committee on Indian Afüiirs, tl'lcy felt bound to 
call for sufficient and satisfactory explanations. 
They thought they were not afforded by the ln- 
dian Comniittee; and they would be very happy 
to hear such from the Senator from Arkansas, 
who is now addressing the Chair. 
the Choctaw Indians, who then owned almost the 
whole of the Stale of Mississippi, sold a part, or, 
- as the treaty of 1820 says, "a small part of their 
United States, in consideration of that smalt part 
o? the State of Mississippi, ceded to them, and 
gave them a perfect title to, all that country west 
of A rkansas, embracing aboutfifteen million acres, 
In fact, if you will go to the boundaries, and ex- 
amine them, you will find that it embraced from 
twenty-five to forty million acres, and that this 
Government ••.vent beyond their own bounds into 
the territory of the Republic of Mexico in defining 
what they ceded to the Choctaws as considera- 
tion for this small part of the State of Mississippi. 
I wish to relieve this treaty of 1830 from any con- 
nection whatever with any of the points of money 
or property consideration that affect the claims of 
these Choctaws. 
1 wish to relieve the whole 
subject at once of any connection with that, and 
that is the reason why I take hold of that treaty; 
and the Senate will themselves see, by the plun 
language of it, that that had not anything to do 
with this cession; that the cession was complete 
and perfect under the treaty of 1820. The con- 
sideration for which this cession was made by the 
United States, west of the then Territory of Ark- 
ansas, was not alone the gift of all that wild and 
barren country. There were other points in it; 
but it is not necessary for me to refer to them, 
M.That was the character of the title, in the first 
place, of the Choctaws in 1820, under the treaty, 
to the country which they now occupy? The 
second article of the treaty of 1820 is in these 
words: 
For and in consideration of the foregoinrr cession"— 
Meaning the cession by the Choctaws ofa part 
of the State of Mississippi— 
on the part of the Choctaw nation, and in part satisfac- 
tion for the saine, the comrnissioners of the United States, 
in behalf of said Stat.es, do hereby cede to said nation a 
tract of country west of the Mississippi river, situate be- 
tween the Arkansas and Red river, and bounded as fol- 
lows : beginning on the Arkansas river, where the lower 
boundary linc of the Cherokees strikes the same 
That is in the region of what is now Fort 
Smith— 
thencc up the Arkansas to the Canadian Pork, and up 
the same to its source; thence duc south to the Red river; 
thence down lied river, three miles below the 111012th of 
Little rivet', empties itself into Red river on the 
north side ; 
thence in a direct line to thc beginning." 
That was the cession of 1820. It is unneces- 
sary to dilate upon it. That cession ran far into 
the Territory of New Mexico, to the sources of 
I the Canadian, one of the longest rivers in Amer- 
I ica, and thence due south to Red river.. That vyyas 
afterwards taken away from them, or, at least, 
was excluded in a subsequent treaty as a part of 
Mr. .TOHNSON, ofArkansas. Iam very glad, the cession without any consideration or anycom- 
then, Mr. President, to hoar the statement of the pensation to them, and without any attention be- 
grournds of the opposition; and the Senate will ing paid to the subject. The United States, in 
I see at once, from the statement, how little they i rny judgment, made themselve> liable in damages 
have to rely upon in sustaining the views which f'or not making good the title which they gave. 
are presented by the on Finance in But, sir, I wish now to direct the attention of Sen- 
opposition to the long series of years of labor ot• at.ors to the character of the title. The language 
Committee on Indian Affairs. I do not hesi- of the treaty is, that ghe United States do hereby 
tate to say to Senators, for one, that if i had de- 
i cede to said nation a tract of country west of the 
voted myself t!) the labor upon this one single Mississippi river, the bounds 
question w Lich the Committee on Indian Affairs i I of the country. The word " cede" is used in that 
have devoted to it, and it were treated in this way treaty without any qualification whatever; and it 
by the Senate twice, even onc.o, I think f should is the same language which is used in all treaties 
return to the Senate at once the commission that when there is a transfbr of a section of country 
I held from them to snrve on that committee, and from one nation to another. There is throughout 
i would discharge myself fron) further connection the treaty no qualification as to the character of 
I wouid do so, not from disrespect to the title. 
with it. 
It is a fee-simple title. It is a complete 
the Senate, but from a conviction that I had lost cession förever; and the possession was delivered 
confidence; and I would not consent to to them of the whole of that country, so far as the 
hold position here when that wus made rnani- United States themselves had possession of it, as 
fest. That is the fee\ing with which I look at long back as the year 1820. When they have a 
this subject, and with which I now address my- title which is perTect within itself, is it possible 
self to the Senate upon it; but at tho satne tirne, (when therc is nothing in any after treaty to jus- 
. in what I have snid .1 do not desire to wound the 
tify the supposition) that It is to be construed that 
sensitiveness of any Senator. 
I mean no other 
their title is so imperfect that they have to pur- 
reflection than that, in trying to protect the Treas- 
chase it again and pay another consideration for 
ury, in resisting this claim, they have demanded ii it? In the second article we find the character of 
explanations which they should have sought in their title, which is a fee-simple title—a perfect 
the books, papers, and offcial reports, to which cession. In the fifth section, the same language 
they have ready access. 
is used; and in the sixth article of the same treaty 
These are clailns orif'inatcd as far back as the same langu.ve is employed. 
under the Choctaw treaty of 1830. The whole 
Again: i would ask, what is the character of 
of the claim against the United States, I believe, 
the title which the United States acquired from 
originates there; but it has been complicated here 
the Indians to that portion of the State of Missis- 
(and of that complication I wish to get rid of in I sippi which was ceded by the latter under the 
the first instance) with the treaty of 1820, by which treaty of 1820? That. title is nothing more and 
