1861. 
nothing the same title-which the Indians 
themselves acquired from the United States to the 
coufitry that lies west of the State. of Arkansas; 
for they expressly say—and, in order that the 
parallel -may be seen plainly by the- Senate, will 
read the passa(re: 
To enable the President of the Unitéd States t.o carry 
into effect the above grand and humane objects' 
Reciting the objects for W'hich this treaty was 
made— 
the Mingoes, warriors, and headmen of the Choctaw na- 
tion, in full council assembled, in behalf of'themseives and 
said nation, do, by these presents, cede to the United States 
of America all-the land lying and being within the bound- 
aries iöllowing." 
The same words are used in the conveyance by 
the Choctaws to the United States that are used 
by the United States in the conveyance to the 
Choctaws of the country which lies west of the 
State of Arkansas; and the character of the titles 
is identically the same. If the Choctaws have not 
a good and perfbct title to their counlry, the Uni- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
There the limits are cut down some fifteen -0k 
twenty million acres by this treaty; for there, for 
the first time in the course of these transactions, 
is it found anywhere in any of the treaties be- 
tween the United States and the Choctaws, that 
anything is -said in regard to the limits of the 
United States or to the restrictions upon the west- 
ern boundary of the Choctaw cession, othe.r than 
that the source of the Canadian should constitute 
that boundary. I continue the quotation: ' 
the limits of the United States, or to those limits." 
We subsequently acquired that country, and -1 
will not raise a question as to what might be 
claimed as the rights of the Choctaw in t.hat re- 
spect; for they have not raised it themselves, and 
1 consider it unnecessary. When you sell land 
which you do not own at the time, but you.after- 
wards acquire the- title to it yourself, I believe 
there is no better established principle of law than 
that the property at once goes to your grantee, 
I do not, 
and the acquired title becomes his. 
II however, raise that question here. You can see 
ted Slates had not a good and perfect title to the li in this treaty t.hc restriction which was imposed. 
Territory of Mississippi, which they purchased 
I •wikl read it again: 
from the Choctaws. . i do not think it is possible 
'Phe United Statcs, under a grant specially to he made 
by the President of the United States, shall cause to be con- 
that any onc, after examining the treaty, will, for 
one instant, controvert the fact that the purchase i veyed to the Choctaw Nation a tract of country westofthe 
Mississippi river, in fee silnple to thern and their descend- 
was complete; that the title acquired wos perfect; 
ants, to inure to the.n while they shali exist as a nation 
and that the whole transaction, after that treaty and live on it." 
In the first instance, in 
••,vas complete x,vithin itself, needed no after nego- 
There is a restriction. 
! 1820, there was made to the Choctaw nation a (lis- 
tiation and no after construction to procure for 
tinct cession which had no limitation, and which 
these Indians any better character of title than 
was a perfect fee simple tithe. This was recUnized 
they had under that treaty. 
I in 1825; but here, in this treaty of 1830, ignorantly 
This fact is not confined to the treaty of 1820 
alone; it applies to the treaty of 1825. The United and deceptively asto the Indians, as you Will see 
States ascertained, after they created the Territory by what follows, a restriction was Imposed on 
ceded [in: Mississipöi-] 
enter the Choctaw, couqn•y pgr-pqse, -conducting 
themselves properly, and disturbing dr ibtetrbptirjg none of 
the Choc.t+W people, , •person is to 
settle within the nation, or the lands to he som before the 
Choctaws shall-remove.- And for' pteYih€ijt Of the Sev- 
cral mnounts secured in this treaty, the 
are to rclnain a fund,- pledged the debt 
snail bBsUovided for and årÉdnged. t Ahd further, ltli*-agreed'5 
that ili the construdtxon 'or-this •treaty; wherq+éfl 
founded dOUbt shü!l atise,: it;shail be construed•niostfavör: 
ably towards the Ohoctaw•s.", 
So that there was absolutely, for the• faithful 
execution of-the treaty On the part of the United 
States, lien reserved on the 'lari'dé 
in tlié State of MissiSsippi, the fundszwhieh 
should be realized by thé United States from their 
sale, for the payment of all •of the 
Government: of the United- States to Gh€Chödta•w 
Indians. 
I believe now that theti•eading öf:théSe treaties 
and the explanation I have given, must relieve'the 
mind of every one from the thought Éhåtk the}ces- 
Sion of lands west of Arkansa-s ear/ be brought 
into any estimate of any account:here•, and ith'iilrl 
sufhce, I think, in -addition to that, to state that, 
in making up the accounts between the Govern- 
ment of the United States and the Choetåw'hae 
tion of Indians, the Interioi• Department9 theLand 
Office, the Second Auditor, and ntherS whö have 
had it under consideration, 'have never once re- 
ferred to any such considerätion under the treaty 
of 1830, as the further cession of lands west of •t-hö 
now State of Arkansas. 
Mr. GWIN. Wili the Senator from Arkansas 
permit me to make a report from a commiEtee of 
conference ? 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly. 
their right of ownership of that which belonged I 
TliE DEFICIENCY BILL. 
the Territory of Missouri, and Missouri was ad- I to them before—a restriction without giving them 
mitted as a State, that the Ixvestern boundary of 
one cent of consideration for it: 
that Territory, a part of what naturally 
Begiunina near Fort Smith, where the Arkansas boun- 
daw crosses the Arkansas river, running thC11ce to the 
to it and should naturally go with it, was em- 
sources of the Canadian fork, if in the limits of the United 
braced in the Choctaw cession; and, in 1825, tl')e 
States, or to thosc Ihnits; thence due south to Red river, 
United States made a purchase from the Choc- and down Red river to the west Territory of 
taws of a portion of their country west of Arkan- Arkansas; thcnce nortll along that linc to thc• beginning. 
sas; and' then, for the first time, defined distinctly 'I'hc boundary of the same to be agreeah}yto the treaty Inade 
and concluded at Washington city in the year 1825. 
what should be the eastern boundary of the Choc- 
present treaty shall be 
orant to be executed so soon as the 
taw cession and the western boundary of the Ter- 
vatified." 
ritory of Arkansas. In that treaty, it will bc found 
that the title of the Choctaws is again recognized That boundary, consequen tly, is the same boun- 
dary that thcy purchased iri 1820, and which was 
as a cession complete and perfect within itself, 
rcco«nized ill 1825, with the exception of what 
Mr.. G WIN. The committee of conferenee 
appointed on the part of the Senate upon House 
bill No. 866, entitled " An act to supply deficien- 
cies in the appropriations for the service of • the 
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1861," have 
met the committee of the H.ouse of Representa- 
tives, and after a full conference have• beefi una- 
ble to agree; and I am instructed to repcn:t that 
fact to the Senate, and to ask that this committee 
be discharged, and that the Senate appoint a sec- 
ond c.ommittee of conference. 
Mr. HALE. I •wish to inquire whether it will 
be in order -to move that the Senate recede from 
and needing no further declarations to rnake it a 
portion in 1825 was sold off to the United States 
fee simple title complete in every respect what- for the. Territory of Arkansas. The treaty of any of the amendments which they •have made, 
on which the two Houses 'have disagreed, änd 
I wiki read from that treaty. it begins: 
1830 goes on to say: 'in consideration of the pro- 
soevcr. 
which the committee häve been unable to agree 
visions contained in the sevcu•ai articles of this 
VVhereas a treaty of friendship and limits and accom- 
having been entered into at i)oakc's Stand, on the 
treaty;" it does not refer to the second article spe- 
18th of October, in the year 1820, between Andrew Jack. 
cially, akthough this provision is made to go right 
son and 'l'homas Ilinds, conunissioners on the part. of the 
United States, and the chieft and warriors of the Choctaw after the second article, this being the third urti- 
' in consideration of the provisions contained 
nation of Indians; and whereas the second article of the 
treaty atöt•esaid provides 'Or a cession of lands, west of the 
ili the several articles of this treaty, tbc Choctaw 
Mississippi, to the Choctaw nation, in part. satisfaction iör 
lands ceded by said nation to the (jnited States according nation of Indians do consent and hereby cede to 
i! the United States the entire country they own and 
to the first article of said treaty"— 
There is a recitation of the fact of that cession. possess east of the Mississippi river,' 
' which con- 
stituted the remainder of the State of Mississippi, 
Again, in other parts of this treaty of 1825, allu- 
Sion is made to it; and it is always spoken of and in fact, about one half of that State, and it is esti- 
—a term well known to the mated by the Land Office to be ten million five 
treated as a " cession 
hundred thousand acres in round numbers: 
civil law; a term well known to all diplomatic cor- 
And they aøree to.rcmove beyond the Mississippi river 
respondence and arrangements as to the transfer 
as early as practicable, and will so arrange their removal 
of territory from one nation to another; a term 
that as rnauy as possible," 
invariably used on such occasions; a tenn that 
I t will be seen from this statement that the Choc- 
has a technical meaning, and one that I presume 
taws ceded first a part of the State of Mississippi, 
will not be disputed by any of the very intelligent 
* . and then all the residue. For the first part which 
gentlemen who are on the Committee on they ceded, they received all the country west of 
sanoe point, except that the subject there is coupled Arkansas, and for the second part they received 
with what rnay be very well termed a fraud prac- nothing but what is contained in the other arti- 
ticed by tho United States upon the ignorance-of cles Of that treaty; and that which is contained in 
a tribe of Indians, famed for their friendship and those other articles will be found to consistelmost 
In other words, they 
devotion and good faith to all the white people of entitle} y of reservations. 
are paid for the w of their land by consent- 
upon. My impression is that that will be in oi•der, 
because it will supersede the necessity of another 
conference, if the Senate recede. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F00T in 
p the chair.) The Chair has no doubt that a.mo- 
tion to recede is in order at any time. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 do not believe 
the Senator from New Hampshire would wish to 
interpose a debate here in the midst of my speech; 
and •I do not thinkr the Senator from California 
would have desired the floor foi• the purpose of 
interrupting my remarks. 
Mr. GWfN. As the Senator is in the midst 
ofa speech, I hope the matter will lie over. 
Mr. HALE Beförc it gocs over, let me make 
a motion to recede from one amendment of the 
Senate. 
Mr. G WIN. There is a subject now before 
the Senate, and a Senator is on the floor. 
Mr. JOHNSON , of Arkansas. Let; this matter 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques- 
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Califor- 
I nia, to discharge this committee of conference from 
the further consideration of the bill; and that a 
this country. The treaty of •September 27, 1830, 
new committee of conference be appointed on the 
ing to give them a few of the select parts of the 
land; and then they are also allowed $20,000 as part of the Senate. 
provides: 
Mr. HALE. My question of order, in which 
The United States. under a grant specially to be made 
an annuity for twenty years; that is an amount of 
thought the Chair sustained rne, was, that it is 
bv the President of tllé United States"— 
$400,000 for the whole of that territory! That 
II 
in order for the Senate to recede from an amend* 
Itscems to me that the language is half treacher- 
was all the consideration that they were to re- 
ceive; and from these premises alone were they i ment to which the other House have disagreed; 
ous when it is used; it is the repetitiou of a grant 
once before made and again recognized, and which to procure the whole of their pay, according to before asking for a second committee. 
II the construction which 1 have fou•nd hitherto put The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
was perfect within itself: 
" The- United States, uuder a grant specially to be madc on this treaty. 11 was not a cession of the coun- i t,ion is on discharo•inm the present committee-from 
the further consideration of this bill. 
txy that lay west of Arkansas that constituted the 
be.' the President of the United Stat.es, shall cause to be con- 
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that mo- 
veved to the Choctaw Nation a tract. ofcountry west of the 
Mississippi river, in fec simple to toem and their descend- consideration for the cession of the reinainder Of 
ants. to inure ID thenl while they ehakl exist as a nation and II the State of Mississippi, for there is another arti- 
The question being put, the committee was 
live on it, beginning near Fort Smith where the Arkansas eighteen—of the treaty of 1830, which 
charged from further consideration of the bill. 
boundary crosses the Arkansas river, running {hence to the 
source at' the ()anadian Fork; it' jn the limits of the United goes on to say: 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
ART. 18. 'l*he United States shall cause the lands hereby 
Stmes," 
