826 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
tion of the Senator from New Hamp'shire, with 
the bill, lies over for consideration. 
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The consideration of the Indian •appropriation 
Sill wasrresume,d. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Now, Mr. 
Presidentj I have shown, I think, very plainly— 
although can take no credit to myself for doing 
it half as well as many others on this floor could 
do it, but still plainly enough for any of the mem- 
bers of this body distinctly to understand it—that 
the cession of the lands west of the Mississippi 
had nothing to do with our legislation, even if we 
go all theway back to investigate all the subjects 
connected with the Choctaws. It has noihing 
whateverto. do with the accounts that are before 
us. I cannot, however, pass the su12ject over 
without calling attention to a fcw remarks which 
were made the other day by the Senator from 
houses, and in the education of their people and 
their internal improvement; but there will be seen 
throughout the '•.vhole of that country no palaces, 
no fine houses. There Vlill be seen nothing else 
than humble cabins, or the very plainest dwell- 
ings. And yet, theSenator says that they are the 
very richest peoplc on the face of the globe, as he 
understands. 
How is it that they have their riches? I know 
I once had 
well how that calculation is made. 
the honor of servine on the Committee on Indian 
Affairs in the other House; and these subjects and 
the manner in which these tribes were treated 
then became familiar to me, and they never can 
be torn from my memory, because I know the 
very exasperating and almost infamous injus- 
tice which they have often received at the hands 
of the United States. A most melancholy and 
shameful instance of that injustice is that which 
was practiced upon the Creeks, (which was even 
Maine, [Mr. FESSENDEN,] who is one Of the mem- a worse one than the present instance,) at Fort 
I do not see ' Jackson, where, in capitulating enemies, we ca- 
bers of the Committee on Finance. 
him in his seat, and I can only regret that he is 
pitulated friends, and took from them the whole 
In the course of his remarks, speaking 
not: here. 
of the very great amount of the claim of the Choc- 
taws, the Senator went on to say that the territory 
which they received from the United States was 
an immense empire—that was his expression. 
He said they had received that great empire, im- 
mensely more than they were entitled to receive. 
I .will say to the Senator, that what they received 
there was for a very small part of what they had 
ceded to the United States in the State of Missis- 
sippi. 
In order to make the absurdity of the remark 
with regard to the Choctaws more palpable still, 
let me ask, at the time the cession was made of 
the country west of Arkansas, what was its con- 
dition? The cession was made in 1820. In 1820 
that country lay west of the 'I'erritory which was 
then organized, and the whole Territory had but I 
one county in it; and that was the county of Ar- 
kansas, as a part of the Territory of Mis.souri 
previous to her admission into the Uni02'i. What 
•population was therc? There could not have been 
within the limits of the 'Territory of Arkansas, at 
the time it was detached from Missouri, more than 
Ren or twelve thousand people, if, indeed, there 
I think the num- 
were more than five thousand. 
ber of persons inside of the rrcrritory was about 
five thousand, according to such statements as I 
have seen in regard to it. 
Then, what was the character of the territory 
which was ceded to the Choctaws, that lay west 
of that? That territory was then a wilderness, 
utter and entire; and there was no human being 
that ever madc a track upon it except the wild 
and rofing Indians, whose hunting grounds those 
constituted. That wilderness was utterly 
It was n small part of the country 
unbroken. 
of their country. But speaking of the wealth of 
the Choctaws, and the manner in which they are 
estimated to be the wealthiest people on the face 
of the earth, it is because that country of fiftcen 
million acres is divided out in proportion to their 
numbers by the imagination of the person who 
makes the estimate, and ea.ch citizen or member 
of that tribe of Indians would have so many acres 
of land. The truth is there is not one of them 
that owns a foot of this land, except in common. 
They are so restricted by the treaty of 1830, which 
is a wrong upon them, that they, asa nation, can- 
not dispose of their territory nor of their lands. 
'They hold them subject to that condition; and 
that is done by what, (to characterize it as it ought 
to bc characterized, and which I shall not scruple 
to characterize,) as a fraud that was practiced 
upon the ignorant. T. hat fraud is the more pal- 
pablc, if you will go behind the treaty itself, and 
examine the notes and tbc memoranda that were 
taken at the time, showing what the true intent 
and meaning of the treaty of 1830 was. 
These fåcts are familiar to the Committee on 
Indian Affairs. There is not, and there never has 
been, one single solitary rnember of the Commit- 
tee on Indian Affairs who isnot familiar, as I un- 
derstand , with thc facts, they having studied them , 
that does not indorse the character of tho rights 
of the Choctaws and the. obligation of the Gov- 
ernment of the United States to make vvrith them 
fair and honest settlement, and particularly to 
pay to them all that is claimed under this report 
of 1859. 
The Senator says that they are the richest peo- 
ple on thc face of the earth. How does he 
that out? By first eslimating those lands. They 
constitute no wealth t.hat they can avail them- 
selves of to secure bread or clothino•. They con- 
which the TJnited States obtained from.. France, 
the whole price of which was but slit-ute nothing Inot•e than naked land; and if it be- 
Fifteen million acres is what is now estimated to loncred to us and we were compelled to use it in 
have been that cession. It is not onc third the the, sarne way, it would destroy a man to pay the 
size of the then Territory of Arkansas. It is not taxes upon it. 
one third the size of the State, of Arkansas. It is The next point which he makes to show that 
they are a people of wealth, is in refi.n•ence to the 
nothalfthe size of the State of Mississippi. It was 
It was along funds that have been secured by them. They 
then an unbroken wilderness. 
have been ousted and driven from their own na- 
ways beyond any white settlement; 
alid these 
I ask of any live coutitry east of the Mississippi; and he speaks 
Choctaws were consigned to that. 
Senator whether he would not consider that t.he i of the sums of that have been invested for 
them, upon which they are entitled to an annuity; 
grant at that day made by the Government of the 
United States was rather a hardship forced upon or, in other words, upon which they are entitled 
to the payment of interest. Those sums they re- 
the necessities, the feebleness, and wants of the 
tribe, than anything else? They never accept.ed ceive; but the wealth you not,v reproach them with 
it willingly. They were compelled to give up possessing is wealth invested in your own hands, 
Other land, and had to take that, rather than get and which, being so invested, you refuse, and you 
will continue, 1 presume, to refuse, to pay to them 
nothing at all. 
The Senator then went on, (and it is by that ii any part of. 
II Now, that is the condition of things. Is it right? 
general course of reasoning that suspicion is 
I know it is not; no man can study this question 
thrown upon everything connected with these 
undians,) that if he understood rightly, the Choc- and understand it for himself, and have the hardi- 
taw nation were the wealthiest people on tho face hood to get up and assert that it is just. They 
of the globe. I have heard that often. Whenever are rich in hands that are wordl nothing. 'They 
are rich in Inoney that is in your hands. They 
we come to speak of the tribe of Choctaw Indians, 
that charge is made. What are the manifesta- are poor and miserable. On your tables here, 
Zions of that wealth? Those manifestations will this session, you have a report of the Commis- 
sioner of Indian Affairs, showing that they, like 
show to you, it is true, some cultivated fields, 
which they have retrieved from the wilderness; 
the whites in the western and southern part of 
they will show to you some few roads through Arkansas, and throughout the whole of Texas, 
have been visited this summer by constant, inces- 
that country, and families living in peace and con- 
tentment•, they will show to you that the moneys I sant,and destructive drouths, which have stricken 
paid to [hem for annuities have been expended in I Kansas also, until one of the northern States has 
the building. of churches and erection of school- appropriated, I believe, as much as $500,000 for 
their relief. These Choctaws are stricken down, 
i paralyzed by these drouths. They hold worth- 
less lands; and you hold their money and will 
not pay them. They have been stricken down 
by the same drouth which has afficted Texas 
as ',vell as other portions of the country, which 
leaves them now almost entirely without bread; 
and they have to depend upon the destruction of 
their. cattle for meat, and to send their delegations 
here, and pay their expenses out of a portion of 
the pittance they have left, to implore you, after 
thirty years, for God's sake, to give them a small 
part of that which is justly their own. Can you 
reproach them for their wealth and for their riches? 
I do not believe that the Senator from Maine is 
so hard-hearted. I only believe that he did not 
understand the subject. Neither do I believe he 
is so callous that he does not care what may be 
said in their behalf, as his appearance would in- 
dicate. I have no conception that that is so. 1 
know it must be that he does not understand the 
nature and character of the question ; and perhaps 
he feels disinclined to look into the subject. 
I believe him to be one of the 
know his skill. 
ablest lawyers upon the floor of this body; and 
I regret the want of ability to attract his mind to 
a full examination of this subject, and the elo- 
quence to hold the ear of the Senate to the cry of 
distress that comes up from that country. I ask 
the Senate to do justice. You have denied it so 
long that you have sanctified the denial; you have 
thrown a taint and a stain upon the truth, and 
have thus far condemned and driven out the peo- 
ple that have just claims upon you. Talk of com- 
promise ! Gentlemen, the Choctaws can compro- 
mise further; they can yield all their rights. They 
may say they will take two and three-pence, in 
God's name, if you will only give it and let them 
go and cease to beg; but for my part, as a Sena- 
tor upon this floor, I never will be a party to any 
com promise that is simply palpable and bare-faced 
robbery inflicted on the weak by the strong, by 
the guardian on the ward, through a Series of 
skillful maneuvers in which talent and reputation, 
and high position in this body are effective weap. 
1 want Senators to wake up to this thing. 
ons. 
It is very plain. It does not require forty-eight 
hours' investigation to satisfy the mind of any 
one. So much, then, for the wealth of that coun- 
try, and for the character of that treaty, and for 
the character of the title of those Indians to those 
lands. 
The next question which arises here, and to 
which ask the attention of the Senate, is as to 
the credits or sums which arise under the treaty 
of 1855, which declared that all these things should 
now finally and at last be settled, in regard to the 
I sums claimed by the Choctaws under the treaty 
of 1830. What arc thosc sums? have before 
I us the propositions submitted to the Senate. They 
I ',vere submitted to every Department. An award 
was to be made, and a principle was adopted on 
which you would settle with them. I discover, 
in looking through it, one very great injustice, that 
f is practiced in the statement of the account, which 
would make a million or a million and a half more; 
but according to the account.of the Choctaws, 
the correctness of which is udmitted by the De- 
partment, their claims against the United States 
under the treaty of 1855, not originating under 
that treaty, but originating under the treaty of 
1830, amount to $3,574,000. For that sum they 
state their account; but in the statement of the 
account it will be discovered that, although under 
the fourteenth article of the treaty, there were re- 
served one million nine hundred and ten thousand 
and fourhundred acres of reservations of the very 
best lands in the State of Mississippi, those reser- 
vations were never suffered to be perfected, and 
much the greater part of them never were per- 
fected to those Indians. They were driven out. 
They claimed damages for them. The damages 
are allowed at the rate of $1 25 an acre. Those 
reservations were the best lands in Mississippi, 
and I believe almost every one had more or less 
improvement upon them. Those lands were worth 
an average of ten dollars an acre; but no one could 
deny, under any estimate whatever, that they 
were worth five dollars an acre. That alone, in 
a statement of the account due to them, would 
have brought in an amount of from five to ten 
million more to be added to their account. But 
putting all that aside, what they claim, and what 
was stated, amount.ed to 
