1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
The Government ofthe United States, in making 
the treaty of 1855, was uncertain as to what was 
the best method -to settle. 
It was a very shrewd 
and intelligent man—Mr. Manypenny, I believe 
—who made the treaty. Weall know him. Every 
one who has had business to settle with him knows 
well the rigidity with which be. searched every- 
thing, and the earnestness with which he at- 
tempted to protect the interests of the United 
States. He made the treaty in 1855, and he con- 
claded that it was best to settle and get clear of 
these matters upon this principle: to leave to the 
Government of the United States an alternative in 
making the settlement, to allow the United States to 
settle either by paying the net proceeds of all the 
lands that the Indians sold in Mississippi, or pay- 
ing up those obligations which originated under 
the. treaty of 1830, after deducting all expenses 
paid by the United States. Upon that examina- 
tion, he was pretty well satisfied in his own mind 
that if we paid the net proceeds of those lands, 
the Government of the United States would pay 
less than if it paid the sum in gross which would 
make the just obligation of the United States to 
the Choctaw nation. He therefore framed that 
treaty, leaving it to the Senate of the United States 
—to which the Indians themselves readily as- 
sented—to become the arbiter as between them 
a point to which I wish to direct my attention 
specifically. The Senate, or rather the Senate 's 
committee, took u p subject, and laborixw to 
reach justice, but the same time, by the most- 
rigid and strict r•wues, to protect the Treasury of 
the United States, '.hnv brought in their method 
method of settlement pre- 
of settlement; 
scribed that thev _d take the rule of the net 
proceeds as the clearer, and easier method 
of ascertaining was due. Upon the passage 
of that award which was passed here, determin- 
ing that that should be the course of settlement, the 
Senate adopted resolutio_n which I will read. 
This award was passed after four years of study 
in the Department and in the committee of the 
Senate, and on the conclusion of the investigation 
of this award, the Senate adopted the following 
principles on Z?hich the accounts of the Choctaws 
should be setued.• 
Whereas, the eleventh article ofthe.treaty of June 22, 
1855, with the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians provides 
that tile 
questions be subiüitted decision to 
the Senafe of the United States: first, whether tbe Choc- 
taws are entitled to or shall be allowed the proceeds of the 
sale of the lands ceded by them to the United States by the 
treaty of September 27, 1830, deducting therefrom the costs 
of their survey and sale and all just and proper expend- 
itures under the provisions thereof; and, if 
so, what price per acre shall be allowed to the Choctaws 
for the lands retnaiuinq unsold, in order that a final settle-„ 
and the Government of the United States, to de- Inent with [hein nray effected ; or,"— 
termine what should be paid to the Choctaws, and As an alternativ 
the principle upon which it should be settled. 
Second, whether Choctaws shall he allowed a gross 
Whatever they should determine the Choctaws sum in further and full satisfaction of all their clairns, na- 
and individual, agaiust thc United States ; and, i? 
were willing to abide by; and they had no ques- i 
so , how much. 
tion, not only of the integrity, but of the magna- 
Resolved, That the Choctaws be allowed the proceeds 
nimity of this body in making a proper settlement 
with them, a feeble tribe of Indians as they were. 
This statement of items has passed through the 
Interior Department. It was made up long since. 
The items were established there, up to 
some three million five hundred and seventy-föur 
thousand dollars. All those items arising under 
the treaty of 1830 are distinctly and correctly 
stated. That will not be disputed. The rigidity 
of the statement is only to be found where it marks 
the right of the Indian, and strikes it down alto- 
gether or limits itin amount. That is the way in 
which that settlement was made. They then had 
to determine whether they would take up this 
matter under the treaty of 1855, and make a set- 
tlement by the payment ofa sum in gross by the 
United States to those Indians, or whether they 
would consent at once to get clear of all the mi- 
nutiæ and all the complications, and say: " We 
treat you as we treated the Chickasaw nation, 
when we purchased them out and their rights; we 
will give you simply the net proceeds of your 
lands, and have done with the difficulty and the 
complicated treaty, in which you were defrauded 
in the first place, or by which you have suffered 
ever since, and which has existed from 1830 up I 
to 1855." Then, it was agreed to leave it to the 
mvnanimity of the Senate; and the macnanimity 
of the Senate has (lx.veltupon it here fbr five years, 
and what is now the condition of the case? I beg 
the attention of the Senate a little while {onger, 
just to show what they have brought it to. 
This treaty had been made; it had been con- 
firmed. Every member of the United States Sen- 
ate, after a full discussion, voted for it, with the 
exception of two. The list I have before me. I 
do not regard that in speaking thus, there is any 
violence to the spirit Ots the rule which deprives 
us of the power to speak of proceedings in execu- 
tive session. It was confirmed ; and then, after a 
four years' investigation, the Senate, under and 
by virtue of that treaty, took up the subject of the 
award. It referred the question to the Committee 
on Indian Affairs to determine whether we should 
adopt the rule of paying a sum in gross, or take 
as our rule of settlement the net proceeds of their 
of.the sale, of such lands as have been sold by the Uni 
States on the 1st day of January last, (1859,) de.dLG 
therefrom the costs their survey and sale, and all 
expenditures and •nts under said treaty, excludin&' 
reserva tions alb.nved zud secured, and estilnating the 
issued in lieu >esp.rvations at the rate. of' $1,25 per acre, ; 
arid, further, that they bc also allovved twelve and a hall 
cent', per acre for flie residue of said lands; and further, that 
it is the judgment of the Senate that the lands remainin« 
unsold atter said period are worth nothing, after dedueting 
expenses of sale. 
And thus, at once, we confiscated all the residue 
of the lands that remained unsold, and we agreed 
to pay them the net proceeds of the lands as the 
best way; and I can say to the Senate, in the con- 
viction of the Government, I have no question it 
was deemed decidedly the cheapest way, in which 
the Government could proceed to settle. The 
Senate of the United States adopted that course, 
notwithstanding the lang•uaffe which is to be found 
in our treaties in expr.•ss terms, that wherever 
appropriated; and *in considemtiomof the condi- 
tron of our finances, they do,not ask for the. eon, 
sideration of any o ther portion oftbe amount wh ich 
constituted the award upon the principlqxofigin- 
ally established by the.Senate. That award, upon 
the principles which were established, •a-mounted 
to nearly three million dollars. After the award 
was made by the Senate of the Unitéd States,and 
the matter was referred to the Interior Depart- 
ment fora statement of the accou n t, it was referred 
to the Committee on Indian Affairs; and. thatcom- 
mittee then attempted, to try their hand upon the 
reduction. 1 shall not go. into the particulars of 
the manner of reduction, except upon two points 
where they brought in objections to two Items. 
The committee, after investigating the matter„re- 
duced the amount of "$2,981,247 30 by deducting 
from the net proceeds of the ceded lands, which 
it was decided should be paid to the Choctaws— 
the five per cent. fund of the-gross proceeds of the 
public lands which, by our own laws, we give to 
every land State. That deduction was made by. 
the committee, earnestly desirous to allow nothing 
to the Indians which. could possibly be escaped 
with any semblance of justice. Now, with what 
justice could that five per cent. fund, which comes 
.10 $362,100, have been deducted? I shall,go-into 
no argument, but shall satisfy myself simply by 
saying that it was without semblance of- justice; 
and Mr. TOOMBS hirnself, who attacked the re- 
port of the committee here, did not dwell upon 
t'2K1t, and seemed not to have supported that con- 
sideration of the subject. 'The committee,-then, 
after what have been well termed a hard-hearted 
set of officers in the Government, had cut down 
the claim of the Choctaws to $2,900,000, struck 
out the five per cent. fund which this Government 
owed to the State of Mississippi, and compelled 
the Choctaw Indians to pay_it, without the Choc- 
taw Indians- having any transactions 
with the State of Mississippi. 
The committee then go to another item which 
had been allowed in the account stated by the 
Departmentunder the treaty of 1855 tnd the treaty 
of 1830. The Committeeon Indian Affairs, which 
now report.s the amendment before you, deducted 
from the Indian lands all such lands as Congress 
had donated, as swamp lands and for school pur- 
poses and railroad purposes, to the Slate of Mis- 
sissippi. Their value amou.nts to $286,560. Under 
this award, it was expressly agreed that the net 
proceeds of those lands should be allowed to the 
Indians in satisfaction of their claims against the 
there is a subject-matter of doubt in the treaty, Government Of the United States; and in inter- 
that subiect-matter shall be construed in the most preting the treaty, and obeying the resolution of 
favorable manner to the Indians. We entered the Senate requiring the accounts to be stated by 
into that distinct stipulation for the interests of the 
rl"he.n comes the resolution afterwards, 
Indians. 
upon which these occounts are stated. After hav- 
It proceeds as the 
ing adopted the principle of 
mannm• in which we should proceed with the set- 
tiement of the Choctaws, we resolved: 
That the Secretary of Ehe Interior cause an account to 
be stated with the Choctaws, showing what amount is due 
thern according to the above proscribed principles of settle- 
xuent, and report the san•nc to Congress." 
This was passed in 1859. Since that time, I 
think about fourteen months have been taken to 
make up these accounts, upon which I wish to 
comment fora little while. 'The award being made 
I in March, 1859, it required the Interior Depart- 
the Interior Department, by the General Land 
Office, by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, 
and by the Secor)d Auditorof the Treasury, those 
officers returned the amount of $2,900,000; but 
the committee took these two items, which were 
allowed distinctly by all these officers as unob- 
jectionable, amounting in the aggregate to over 
$648,000 and struck. them out,gnd reported back 
the award and the statedaccounl which was made 
by the Department, and recommended thé pay- 
mentat the lastsession ofCongress of $2,332,000. 
Upon that proposition of the Committee on ln- 
dian Affairs, we had then a very considerable de- 
In the course of that debate, some parties 
bate. 
who took exception to what the committee did, 
ment to report an account showing the amount to sustained the committee expressly in objecting to 
be paid. The Land Office then investigated that those $648,000. 'ilhe result of that, and of the 
course pursued by the Committee on Indian Af- 
account with regard to the net proceeds. The In- 
fairs, was, that the Choctaw delegation gave up 
dian Office also in vestigated these accounts, to dis- 
cover all the charges that could be made against all hope of' obtaining the five per cent. fund, and 
v the vuiue of the railroad and school and swamp 
the Indians under the treaty of 1830, for expenül- 
lands the Government had taken from them 
tures, and payments of n-i0ür;y of every character. 
I The Second Auditor's also did the same * and given to the State of Mississippi. The Choc- 
taws, seeing the spirit that actuated the minds and 
The Secretarv of the interior himself then took 
the hearts of the arbitrators of their rights here, 
t..he pains to maxe a exarmnation through- 
lands, deducting those parts which constituted 
reservations, then deducting thecostof#urveyand II out of these accounts. A long time was taken, gave up all thought then of recovering that, and 
of sale, charging against them all the expenses of and all the' charges arrayed that could be consented that the Commiltee on Indian Affairs 
their removal, alid every annuity and everything against the sum to She credit of the Indians, and should report the proposition as they did; and 
they said they would be contentifCongress would 
that has over been paid to them or for them; éharg- all the credits of the iadians themselves were re- 
ing thein with everything we could array on the duced in cvery other manner, as much as it was allow them $2,332,000. They felt, that they were 
dealing with'hard masters; they were dealing with 
face of the earth against their account; giving them possible for them to be reduced, and the Commis- 
sharp men; they v,rere dealing with men who were 
a credit of the net proceeds of the land; and then sionerthe.n shows thattheGovernmentfound there 
bring everything on earth that you can collect was yet due to the Choctaw tribe of Indians thc I acting on one side, though they had been consti- 
tutcd by the terms of the treaty the arbitrators to 
deduct theamount of *2,981,247. 
Now, I the attention of the Senate to the act, for both sides. They gave up what was dis- 
and give them the residue. 
pated, and then there remained $2,332,000, as the 
fact that the Committee on Indian Affairs brings 
Mr. HALE. What is that? 
account left the hands of the Committee on in- 
oroposi{ion which we are proposin•y 
will show [j forward the 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
'hat shall be at this time dian 
to reconsider, 
the account distinctly to the Senator, for that is 
