1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
831 
a very considerable sum, and Iam perfectly w.ill- 
i_ng that it shall' be paid the moment it can be 
properly ascertained what it is. My objection to 
this whole thing has been, as I stated the other 
I have no faith 
day, to the mode of proceeding. 
I believe it is a total misap- 
or confidence in it. 
prehension; in other words, that the Senate has 
never passed understandingly upon the subject, 
in any way. That is my objection. That objec- 
tion is not removed. Ido not include the binding 
powers of what is called the award. Therefore, 
I say to gentlemen that while the amendment 
stands in its present shape, as acknowledging the 
force and effect of that asan award binding upon 
I do not want them postponed for another year. 
They have been postponed now two years, and 
I think it a case of very great hardship. They 
ought to have their just dues, and I hope, there- 
fore, the Senate will vote this appropriation. It 
will be seen that it is guarded so that no loss can 
possibly happen to the Government; and the 
money IS only to be paid under such circumstances 
that every man would say it ought to be paid. 
roceeded call the roll. 
The Secretar 
Mr. SAULSWRY. have paired off with the 
Senator from New York, Mr. KING. 
The result was announced—yeas 17, nays 23; 
as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Clinginan, Crittenden, 
If gentlemen choose to 
me, I cannot vote for it. 
Fitch, Green, Hennphill, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of' 
waive that point, and appropriate, as I under- 
Tennessee, Lane, Lathani, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, 
stand this nation is in want of aid at the present 
time, say $500,000, (I have no doubt it amounts 
to that,) towards the satisfaction of claims they 
may have upon us, expressly prescribino• that 
that shall not be considered as an ackno wledgment 
of the force and effect of that award under which 
it is claimed, I shall be perfectly willing to let it 
pass; but I cannot vote for it in its present shape. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITCH in 
the chair.) The question is on reconsidering the 
vote by which the Senate refused to adopt the 
amendment. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 for the yeas and 
nays on that. We may as welt have a test vote, 
I suppose, on tho reconsideration. 
r rhe yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 15; as follows: 
V E AS—Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Cameron, Oark, 
Clinginan. Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Fitch, 
Heinphi)l, Johnson of Arkansas, 
Green, Grimes, Gwin, 
Johnson of 'l'ennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham. Nichol- 
Pearce, Polk, Powell, Putrb, Rice, Sel)astian, Ten 
son, 
Evck, and WigfåU—29. 
• NAYS—Mcesrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Durkee, 
Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Seward, Sumner, 
Fessenden, 
'[trun1bull,-iVade, VVilkinson, and Wilson—15. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote is 
reconsidered, and the amendment is before the 
Senate. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 begieave to offer another 
amendment, which I omitted the other day when 
the bill was up for consideration before: 
'Yo enatne the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to adjust 
the accounts of' Brighaln Young, late Governor of Utah 
'l'erritory and ec officio superintendent of Indian affairs, tor 
disbursements alleged to have been made by him on ac- 
COUnt. of tbc [ndian service in said Territory, $32,734 15 : 
Prouided, That no portion of said accounts shall be paid 
until a futi examination shall have been made in regard to 
the propriety ot the disbursements, and the result of such 
approved by the Commissioner of Indian 
Afiåirs arm the Secretary of the, Interior. 
The question being taken, there were, on a di- 
vision—ayes 11, noes 13; no quorum voting. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 hope we shall have the 
veas and nays, or have the question put again. 
am satisfied, if the Chair will put the question 
again, there will be found to be a quoruun 
The question being ao•ain taken, there were, on 
a division—ayes 19, nobs 20. 
Mr. GREEN. I call for the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. GREEN. In consequence of some diff- 
cu)ties that sprang- up with the Mormons, the ad- 
justment of the accounts of Brigham Youncr were 
all suspended. There was a deficiency of about 
thirty-two thousand dollars to pay drafts actually 
drawn, and the money expended in the Indian 
service. The Secretary of the Interior last year 
recommended this same thing. It is now recom- 
mended the second time by the head of the De- 
partment. It is drawn by the Department, and so 
wordcd and guarded that not a dollar can go until 
the proper accounting offcer.s of the Interior De- 
partme.nt find that the money was duly and prop- 
erly applied. I can see no objection whatever to 
it. I will give onc reason why f take some inter- 
est in it. T svo of the citizens Of St. Louis were 
trading in Utah at the time and advanced some 
dollars actual cash, and took drafts on the 
Department. When they were sent here, they 
were not paid in consequence of thc diffculties 
with Brigham Young and the Mormons. 
been suspended. They can get no int.erest from 
the Government. They have advanced the actual 
cash out of their pockets; and this amendment 
only provides the ineans by which they can be 
reiml)ursed their money, provided the whole 
transaction lias been honest, fair, and for the pub- 
hc service, to be approved by the Department. 
Sebastian, and Wigfall—17. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark, 
Collamer, Doolittle, l)urkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, 
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Morrill, Pearce, Seward Simmons 
Sumner, Ten Evck, Thomson, Wade, Wilkinson 
Wilson—23. 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The bill '.,vas reported to the Senate as amended. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 have an amendment to 
offer to an amendment which has already been 
adopted, which I will send to the Chair. 
'It is to 
the amendment relating to the exchange of the 
It contains a nomi- 
I funds of the Creek Indians. 
nal appropriation of #200,000. I ask that this may 
be inserted at the end of that amendment. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
Provided, 'Phat the amount herein provided fbr shall be 
expended within the proscnt fiscal year. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If this languve is not in- 
serted, the appropriation cannot be used until after 
the 30th of Junc of thc next fiscal year. This is 
to enable tho Depart.rnent to use it now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITcH in 
the chair.) 'The Senator can offer the amend- i 
mentwhen the amendment he proposes to amend 
comes up for concurrence in the Senate. 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. very well. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the ques- 
tion be taken on all the amendments, with the ex- 
ception of the one indicated by the Senator from 
Arkansas? [" All together." That will be un- 
derstood as the sense of the Senate, unless ob- 
jectcd to. 
Mr. GRIMES. I move to nmend the amend- 
ment in relation to the payment of the Choctaws, 
by reducing the amount to $500,000. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator desire to except that amendment. on the ques- 
tion of concurrence ? 
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend.. 
ment will also be excepted. 
T hc remainilv amendments were concurred in. 
which 'I have not had ai opportunity _to examine, 
If this amendment shotild• be 
to that amount. 
agreed to, I think the amendment, as- amendéd, 
will receive the almost unanimous co:nsént Of!the 
I shall go fol it, 
Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
is on adopting the amendment öfere'd' Seri- 
ator from IOwa. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
to make one remark. witl say to Senatorion 
the other side who have offered this amendment, 
that there is no disposition to assume' thätthe 
vote upon tliis question shall determine the 
vote shall be hereafter upon the residde Of these 
claims. Therefore, so far as that goes, I Spe nb 
good ground of objection to the Vropositidh of the 
Senator from Iowa; but when it comes to the re- 
duction of their claim to $500,000, when' theré are 
undisputed claims to the amoUnt of 
and that, too, after so distingta'n expression Of the 
Senate as to carry fifteeh or Sixteen mvajörity,• it 
is hardly to be expected that-we caQ agree tbit; and 
I trust Senators will not attempt .tQ have-s it,-re- 
duced. Several Senators, thin'klhg ihåtlthis mat- 
ter was entirely disposed of, and that there "woÜld 
be no pertinacity In. the resistance to what was 
thc ascertained voicc of tbc Senate on this subjec't, 
have gone away; and if this thing should take 
such course that the amount is }ikely to be re- 
duced, I shall really think •it'but just that I slioul'd 
make further contest upon the mattet•, and the 
I rules of the Senate afford us a means by Which we 
can get a full vote upon it, if it is likely to go 
against us. The sense of the Senate evidently was 
to pay the undisputed part, and to pay no more 
at present without further investigation. Now, 
I hope this proposition for a rcduction of 'the 
unount to $500,000 will not be adhered to. I would 
be glad if other Senators' here would express their 
opinion as to whether it ought to be•done or not. 
Mr. PEARCE. in the belief that the 
$1,200,000 will have to be paid eventüaliy; but 
as these Indians, it is understood, are in a present 
condition of want, and stand very much need 
of this money, I think it-would be more-judicious 
in their friends to allow the amendment of the 
Senator from' Iowa to pass. That, at all events, 
will relieve them. It does not commit the Senate 
against the whole of their claim, or any part of it 
at all; but it seems to me it would be more judi- 
cious to allow it to pass. 
Mr. GRIMES. I desn•e to say, In answer to 
the suggestion of the Senator from Arkansas, that 
I certainly have no disposition to take any advant- 
I agc of the friends of this measure. I believe now, 
aid have always believed, that the Choctaws have 
a just claim aøainst this Government; und I am 
willing to pay it, as we arc able to pay it. 
believe the proposition as now submitted by me 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question I would pass Congress and become a thw, and 
now is on concurring in the amendment to the Choctaws would get I esteem it some- 
what doubtful whether it would pass as proposed 
Creek Indians, which the Secretary will read. 
by the Committee on Indian Affairs. I have only 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Secretary can dis- 
I pensewilh the reading of the original amendment. I offered that amendment from an anxiety that they 
should receivea portionofthe möhey Which 1 con- 
I now offer this amendment to the amendment: 
Provided, That the amount herein provided for shall be i scientiously believe to be due to them. will say 
furthermore, in regard to the that pos- 
expended within the present fiscal year. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed sibly some Senators in favor of this measure have 
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con- II left the- Scnatc ChambeÉ, that I voted in favor of 
the reconsideration of the vote on this question 
curred in. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The the with the sole the 
now is on concurrii)ff in tbc amendment in rela- 
Mr. WiLSON. I understand that this sum of 
tion to thc Choctaws. 
Mr. GRIMES. I propose also to amend tl'lat, is an undisputed part of the claim; that 
that portion of the claim, amoul)tiog to ,000 
by inserting a provision that it shall not be con- 
sidered as affirming or denying the claim of the and upwards, which is opposed, is not in the 
I propose to strike out or amendment. This sum of $1,200,000 is un(lis- 
Choctaws. 
whatever may be the amount in the bill, and to puted; and now the Senator from Iowa proposes 
to put in $500,000 as the undisputed claim. 
insert $500,000, with the addition of a clause de- 
claring that the appropriation of that sum shall Mr. GRIMES. That is not in it. 
not be taken to either affrm or deny thc claim of % I Mr. WILSON. Certainly; that is the reuding 
i! or it, I think. 
such Choctaws. 
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no. 
I ask that the 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
j! WILSON. Will the Secretary please read 
amendment to the amendment be read again. 
in lines seven, eight, l! It) 
The Secretary read it: 
Mr. GRIMES. It does not say anything about 
nine, and ten of the amendment, to strike out the 
being undisputed at all , if I remember it correctly. 
und insert " $500,000," 
words 85,•• 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
to insert the words 
and after the word " dollars 
For carrying into effect the eleventh article of the treaty 
the appropriation of which sum shah] not be 
taken either as affirmino• or denying the claim of with the Choctaw tribe of Indians, made the 22d day ot' 
thereto, on the 9th of March, 1859, the sum of $500,000, 
the Choctaws." 
Mr. HALE. I hope the friends Of the propo- the appropriation of' which sum sball not bc taken as either 
I can vote for ? I affrming or denying the claim of the Choctaws. 
sition will accept the amendment. 
Mr. ».JILSON. Is that all there is of it? 
it in that form, on the crround that there is a clairn, 
