THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D., C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
ment would not be in order. The amendment has 
been concurred in by the Senate. 
Mr. BIGLER. If Senator could do that, 
we might go on, and continue the bill to an in- 
definite period. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The object of 
the Senator can only be reached by moving a re- 
consideration of the vote concurring in the amend- 
ment. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cannot a portion of it be 
stricken out? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment must first be reconsidered. 
Mr. BIGLER. The Senate having concurred 
in the amendment, it cannot be amended. It can 
only be done by a. reconsideration. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will state my object, 
and if it strikes thc Scnatc With any force, it may 
My purpose is this: that is a recognition of the 
award as binding hereafter, and x.vill be so viewed 
when next year an appropriation shall be asked 
for the other $1,400,000. We are now appropri- 
ating $1,200,000, which is said to be undisputed. 
In making this appropriation we shall make the 
balance of it undisputed. That is the point; be- 
cause •wre, by recital here, state that an award 
has been made in pursuance of a treaty. The 
Senate to-day has bccn cmbarrasscd in its action 
very much by what is understood to be an award 
which was inade some few years acro. Some 
Senators say that it passed without consideration, 
Now this will make the other $1,400,000 just as 
much undisputed next year as the $1,200,000 is 
now. That I do not suppose is designed. I appre- 
hend it is not intended, when they say $1,200,000 
is undisputed, to put in a clause that makes the 
balance undisputed. I think those words have 
no effect in the law; but if they were stricken out, 
then it would bc the payment of $1,200,000 under 
this treaty. If I am under.qtood by the Senate, 
that is all T desire—to present that point for con- 
sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no 
question before the Senate. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
I will merely 
say, in reply to the Senator from Illinois, becausc 
the record of the remarks will show hereafter in 
regard to it, that no such conclusion is authorized 
to be drawn as that the residue of the recommend- 
ation of thc committee shall be regarded here as 
undisputed. There is no such conclusion to be 
drawn. The Senator from Maine. has several 
times expressly stated his objection to io, 
that he 
does dispute it; so that it is our proceedings; and 
this motion is superfluous on the part of the Sen- 
ator from Illinois; and i appeal to him, as one of 
the friehds of the measure, to withdraw it. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to suggest to 
the Senator from Arkansas, if there was no ob- 
ject in putting these words in, why not strike 
them out? 
I see no object 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 
in putting them in; but I see no use of openino• 
this matter affain. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ifthere is no special 0b- 
ject in having them there, itseems to me the effect 
might be to preclude the Senate hereafter; and 
I think I voted 
they ought to be stricken out. 
acainst the amendment, and I suppose I cannot 
I forget whether the yeas 
move to reconsider. 
and nays were taken on the proposition. I be- 
lieve they were. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. may be force 
in the suggestion of t.he Senator from Illinois, and 
I suggest that, by unanimous consent, the amend- 
ment be amended in that respect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment is not open to amendment. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. supposed it could be 
done by unanimous consent. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This matter is 
to coine before the House of Representatives. 
Those words, I suppose, svere the result of over- , 
I know there is no kind of obli- 
wrought care. 
gation or inference in the amendment, as it now 
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1861. 
when the treaty itself was confirmed and tho 
award made. We disclaim it now; and the dis- 
claimer can be read hereafter, and will be seen as 
welf as the oE)jections and II-he opinions of Sena- 
tors on that side repeatedly uttered. I do not be- 
lieve it is of any use; and I really hope that Sen- 
ators will not insist on disturbing that subject any 
further; for I know when it is once begun, there 
will be no end to it. 
The amendments were ordered to be engl*ossed, 
It was read 
and the bill to be read a third time. 
thesthird time, and passed. 
MESSAGE FROM HOUSE. 
A message from thc House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 103) author- 
izing the payment of the two per centum land 
fund, to which the States of Illinois and Indianæ 
are entitled for road purposes, to said States; in 
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested. 
The rnessage further announced that the I-louse 
had concurred in the arnendment of the Senate to 
the bill (H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to 
Gregory Patti. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
T hc message further announced that the House 
ordered, on the 8th instant, the printing of the 
following documents: 
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit- 
ting a statement of the contingent expenses of 
the military establishment—ofdcred at twelve 
o'clock and twenty minutes. 
A message from the President of the United 
States, transmitting correspondence in relation to 
Fort Sumter, in South Carolina, &c.—ordered 
at one o'clock and forty-eight minutes 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The message further an nounced that the Speaker 
had signed the followincr enrolled bill and joint 
resolution : 
A bill (H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to 
Gregory Patti; and 
A joint. resolution (S. No. 58) authorizing Lieu- 
tenant T. A. M. Craven, United States Navy, to 
receive certain marks of distinction tendered to 
him by thc Spanish Government. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION. BILL. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President—- 
I'vlr. PEARCE. If the Senator was to 
move an adjournment, I will ask him to •vvith- 
draw it for one moment. 
1Mr. DOOLITTLE. •was about to make that 
motion . 
N'lr. PEARCE. I ask the Senate to take up 
the naval appropriation bill. I shall not ask them 
I want to take it up, 
to consider it at this time. 
so that it may be finished early on Monday next. 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 yield for that, purpose. 
The motion was agreed to; and' the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- 
sider the bill (H. R. No. 914) making appropri- 
ations.for the naval service for the year endincy 
June 30, 1862. 
Mr. PEARCE. Now, 1 move that the Senate 
adjourn. 
NEW 594. 
mitted the following resolution; which' was read, 
considered, and agreed to: 
Resolved, That the President be requested, if notincom— 
phtible with the publie interest, to communicate tp -_.the 
Ilouse of Representatives the• correspondencc bctwcen the 
Government of the Unitcd States% and that 'of -Peru', Since 
the year 1853, on thc subject of the free 'navigation of-the 
Amazon river and its tributaties. 
MESSAGE FROM 
A message was received from the Pr.ident of 
the United %States, by A. J. GLOSSBRENNER, his' 
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he 
had approved and signed bills and a joint resolu- 
Lion of the following titles: 
An act (H. R. No. 972) authorizing a loan; 
An act (H. R. No. 341) for the relief Qf Mrs. 
Meeker; 
An act (H. R. NO. 18.1) to provide fora super- 
intcndent of Indian affairs of Washington Terri- 
tory, and additional Indiun agents; and 
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 71) extending the 
time for taking testimony on the application of 
Cyrus H. McCormick, for the extension of his 
patent. 
TERRITORY OF COLORADO. 
Mr. COX. I have an amendment to the Sen• 
ate bill to providc a temporary government for 
the Territory of Colorado, which intend to pro- 
I ask that it be printed. 
pose. 
There being no objection, it was so ordered. 
IIENRY RICE. 
Mr. ELIOT. 1 ask that the Committee the 
Whole House be discharged from the furthercon- 
sideration of Senate bill No. 501, for the relief 
of Henry Rice, and that it be put upon its pas- 
I hope no objection will be made until I 
saae. 
can have an opportunity of stating the facts in the 
case. 
It. directs {he Secretary of 
The bill was read. 
the Treasury to pay to Henry Rice the sum of 
$10,539 88, being the repayment to him of that 
sum paid by him into the Treasury as duties upon 
goods imported into Castine while in possession 
of the British forces, the same not being by law 
subject to the payment of duties, under the decis- 
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States. 
Mr. ELIOT. Now, if I may be allowed to state, 
in a few vv'ords, the. history of this case, Iam sure 
no gentleman upon either side of the House will 
object to the bill. I have had no opportunity and 
no occasion to ask that any private bill shall pass 
since I have occupied a seat upon this floor, but 
this is a case that calls so loudly upon Congress 
that it does seem to me that I ouglit to have a 
chance to state the facts. 
m•om April , 1814, to September, 1815, -the town 
of Castine was occupied by the British forces. 
During that timcßhe British Governmentenforced 
J the collection of duties upon all goods which were 
imported into Castine. Under the law regulating 
the importations at Nova Scotia a large amount of 
duties was compelled to be paid by shipping mer- 
chants of this countrv importing goods there; and 
when, in September, 1815, the portofCastinecame 
acrain into the hands of the United States, the cus- 
tom-house collector of the United States called 
Mr. G WIN. Let us have an executive session. 
l, upon all importers whose goods were then in store 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 withdraw motion for that to pay the duties ao•ain, as though the goods were 
originally imported in foreign bottorns, callinty 
purpose. 
Mr. G WIN. I hope we shall have an execu- 
upon the merchants not only to pay double duty, 
I the mo- but to pay a larger duty than would have been 
tive session for a few moments. 
tion, that the Senate proceed to the consideration collected on similar goods imported in American 
of executive business. 
ships. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Senate 
adjourn. 
he motion *vvas agreed to; and the Senate 
adjo 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
SATURDAY, Februa:ry 9, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. T 110MAs H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
CORRESPONDENCE GOVERNMENT OF PERU. 
Mr. Speaker, that was done upon a large amount 
of rnerchandisc then in store. Steps were imme- 
! diately taken to ascertain whether that could be 
done according to law; and it was decidedby the 
I Supreme Court of the United States, without a 
dissenting opinion, in a suit brought on one of 
the bonds which had been given, that the impo- 
sition of duties hy the United States was not au- 
thorized. I have the opinion of William Wirt, 
as Attorney General, and the judgment -of the 
Supreme Court of the United States, upon a suit 
brought upon a bond given by the petitioner in 
I this case, that the duties which were enforced by 
stands, that can p•ive it more sanctity than it had I Mr. BOTELER, by unanimous consent, sub- 
530 
