834 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
the United States ought not to have been enforced, 
and ought not to be collected or retained. This 
petitioner was an importer himself, and an agent 
for other importers. A law was passed in 1820, 
providing for the repayment of duties that had 
been paid by importing merchants during the 
period from April, -1814, to September, 1815; but 
so happened that the provisions of the act of 
1820 were confined to those-who resided-at Cas- 
tine, or who acted for merchants residing at Cas- 
tine. Mr. Rice was not one of them. in 18242 
a law was reported to Congress, and passed, to 
prövide for the repayment of other parties inter- 
ested, upon the ground that inasmuch as the Su- 
preme Court had decided that these duties ought 
not to have been imposed, the mere fact that the 
persons -who had paid the duties did not reside at 
Castine ought nob to prevent them from having 
the benefitof that provision of law. The Supreme 
Court unanimously decreed that no duties ought 
to have been i:nposed. But by inadvertence the 
name of Mr. Rice was omitted in this bill, and 
he derived no benefit from its provisions. 
But in 1826 a bill was reported for the benefit 
of Mr. Rice, and it was, I believe, under discus- 
si01'1 in the House when Congress adjourned upon 
the 4th of March. Since that time to the pres- 
ent, Mr. Rice has pcrmilted the matter not to be 
pressed, partly because he was at that time a 
young man, in the full vigor of life, and felt that 
It was better for hirn to pursue his own business, 
and make more money, than to call upon the Gov- 
I ought to 
ernment for a return of the duties. 
state that he gave four bonds—two of them he 
paid, and two of them were put in suit subsc- 
, quently; and it was upon the bonds put in suit 
that the Supreme Court of the United States de- 
cided that the Govcrnrnent ought not to have im- 
posed or collected the duties. This bill is for the 
reimbursement to him of the amount of the two 
bonds that he paid. Forty-five years ago this 
money was paid into tbc Fl'reasury. This bill only 
asks for thc principal; not a dollar of interest is 
claimed, although gentlemen will see at once that 
the United States have made thrcc times the 
amount of the principal in the interest upon the 
money. 
But, sir, I was going on to say that in 1826, 
when the bill for the relief of Mr. Rice, failed to 
pass, •ho was pursuing his business as a young 
He now comes before 
and enterprising man. 
Congress over seventy-one years of age, and hav- 
ing had the heavy hand of poverty laid upon him, 
asking only that the Government shall pay back 
to him in money, without interest, that which the 
Attorney General and which the courts have said 
ourl)t not originally to have been called for from 
him by the Government. Everybody else who 
He stands 
was similarly situat.ed hås been paid. 
They show that the amount of money contained 
in this bill was paid by him then. I have all the 
record information here, and am prepared to an- 
swer any questions the gentleman may propound. 
If the matter is referred to the accounting offcers 
of the Treasury, this must be the precise amount 
allowed, because this is the exact amount paid 
by him to the custom-house—the principal, x,vith- 
out any interest. 
Mr. THOMAS. I do not doubt that the gen- 
tleman from Massachusetts believes this claim to 
be just; but I must object to the passage of the 
bill now. 
Mr. MAYNARD. I must object to this debate. 
The SPEAKER. Debate is notin order. Does 
the gentleman from Tennessee insist on his objec- 
tion ? 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 do, sir. 
ELIO'I'. Then that, if 1 can 
cret the floor on Monday, I will move a suspen- 
Sion oc the rules in order to put the bill upon its 
passage. 
CRITTENDEN PROPOSITION. 
Mr. 13ARR presented resolutions of the exocu- 
tive committee of the workingmen of the city of 
New York, in favor of the adoption Of the Crit- 
tenden amendments, or some other adjustment of 
our national diffculties; which were laid upon the 
table. 
Mr. KUNKEL presented seven or eight memo- 
rials from the three western counties of Maryland, 
praying the passage of the amendments to the 
Constitution proposed by tho resolutions of Mr. 
CRITTENDEN, and expressing the belief that their 
adoption by Congress -will allay sectional strife 
and restore peace aj)d tranquillity to the whole 
country; which were laid upon the table. 
Mr. HALL presented a memorial of citizens 
of Centre c.ounty, Pennsylvania, praying for the 
adoption of the Crittenden proposition ; which was 
laid on the table. 
WASIIINGTON AND OREGON WAR DEBT. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 call for the regu- 
la lorder of business. 
'I'he SPEAKER. Reports from •committees 
are in order. 
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mili- 
tary Affairs, reported back, with a recommenda- 
tion that it do pass, Senate bill No. 11, to.provide 
for the payment of expenses incurred by the 
rrerri tomes of Washington and Oregon in the sup- 
prossion of Indian hostilities therein, in the years 
1855 and 1856; which wus referred to a Committcc 
of Whole I-louse, and ordered to bo printed. 
Mr. STOUT. I wish to cnter a motion to re- 
consider the reference. 
The motion was cnt.ered. 
MUSICIANS AND SOLDIERS AT FORT SUMTER. 
alone, the only man who unpaid; and I carn- 
estly and respectfully that. now, at this late I Mr. CURTIS, from the same committee, re- 
day in his life, you will not refuse to give, back to ported back a bill (H. R. No. 964) for the relief 
hirn money which ought never, accoi•ding to the of certain musicians and soldiers stationed at Fort 
judgment of the court, to have. been taken from Sumter, in South Carolina, and asked that it be 
put upon its passa«e. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury 
Mr. SHERMAN. This claim nearly fifty i 
years old, "I'here is not money enough in the 
Treasury to pay half of it, and I object to thc l)ill. 
Mr. ELIOT. Oh, I hope my friend will with- 
draw that objection. 
Mr. SHERMAN. well, sir, f withdraw it. 
Mr. ELY. I renew the objection. 
Mr. ELIOT. 1 trust not. 
Mr. KILLINGER. 1 call for tho regular order 
of business, 
Mr. SPEAKER. Is the objection insisted on? 
Mr. ELY. I withdraw the' objection. 
Mr. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say 
to the gentlernan from Massachusetts that, dur- 
ing the Thirty-First Congress, I think it was, I 
to pay tho sum of $1,150 to remunerate soldiers 
and members of the Inund stationed at Fort Sum- 
ter, South Carolina, for losses of private property 
incurred in the removal from Fort Moultrie to 
Fort Sumter, on the evening of 26th Deoember, 
1860: to the band, $400; to company E, First Ar- 
tillery, $500; and to company H, First Artillery, 
$250; to be divided among the members of said 
bands and said cotnpanies suffering losses, or the 
Mr. CURTIS. Very well; let it go to a Com- 
mittee of the Whole House, and be ordered to be 
printed. 
It was so ordered. 
Mr. CURTIS. I put in a motion to reconsider 
The motion was entered. 
FRANCIS B. SCHAFFER. 
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Mili- 
tar y Affairs, reported back a bill for the relief of 
Captain Francis B. Schaffer, late a military store- 
keeper in California, and asked unanimous con- 
sent to have it put upon its passage. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object. 
The bill was referred to a Committee of the 
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to 
be printed. 
PRINCE S. CROWELL. 
Mr. POTTLE, from the Committee on Naval 
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Prince S. 
Crowell; which was read a first and second time, 
referred to a Committee of t.he Whole House, 
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to 
be printed. 
ISAAC 11. METCALFE. 
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Invalid 
Pensions, reported a bill för the relief of Isaac H. 
Metcalfe; which was read a first and second time, 
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, 
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to 
be printed. 
REBECCA BREWER. 
Mr. FENTON, from the same committee, pre- 
sented an adverse report on the petition of Re- 
becca Brewer; which was laid on the table, and 
ordered to be printed 
SUSAN BAYARD. 
Mr. FENTON also, from the same committee, 
reported a bill for the relief of Susan Bayard, 
widow of A. W. W. Bayard, an invalid soldier of 
the war of 1812; which was read a first and sec- 
ond time. 
Mr. FENTON. This is very meritorious 
case, und I ask that it shall be put upon its pas- 
sage. 
The bill was read. It directs that the pension 
heretofore granted by Congress to A. W. M/. 
Bayard, of Centre county, Pennsylvania, now 
deceascd, be continued to Susan Bayard, his 
widow, during her natural life. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it 'wvas accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the, vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
Thc latter motion was agreed to. 
TIIOMAS 11. BAIRD. 
Mr. McKNIGHT. 1 desire to call up a bill 
which I called up the day before yesterday. It 
was objected to by the gentleman from Kentucky, 
[iMr. He has since examined *the bill, 
I and is satisfied that he ought to withdraw his ob- 
I object to it. 
Mr. ELIOT. 
FRANCIS 11. BURLEIGII. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 have a joint resolution 
II which I omitted to report when the Committee on 
Military Affairs was called. I ask leave to report 
it now. 
The joint resolution was read, as follows: 
heirs of such as may have died, according to the That the Secretary of War and the Secretary 
award of tbc officers of said companies. 
such nmnbers of' Francis II. Burleigh's dove-tailing ma- 
chine as may be required for use in the armories and arse- 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object. 
nals of the United States, at the usual rnarket price such 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 hope the gentleman will al- 
low the report to be read. This bill has been t machine• 
Mr. STANTON. I ask to have this joint res- 
recommended by a board of Army officers. 
had mv attention called to this class of claims. 
I will Simply state 
There may be some merit in this c.ase; but I will II 'The report ',vas read. 
olution put upon its passaoe. 
not. consent to the passage of the bill in this shape. Mr. THOMAS. Object to the consideration to the House— 
Mr. BARR. Oh, you cannot do that. 
If a bill is prepared with proper guards referring ! of •the bill. 
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose an objection will not Mr. STANTON Why not; it makes no ap- 
this matter to the accounting officers ofthe Treas- 
this bill being regularly reported from a propriation. 
ury to place Mr. Rice upon the same footing as avail, 
I ask that the bill be put upon its Mr. BARR. It cannot be done under existing 
others who have formefly been paid, I will be committee. 
willing to consider it; but in its present shape, 
passa•e. 
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the 
It makes an ap- 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object. 
appropriating a specific sum of money, without 
more information before me than I have now, I propriation, and must go to n Comrnittee öt• the resolution cannot be considered. 
Mr. STANTON. It is the regular call of the 
Whole House. 
must object to it. 
Mr. CURTIS. fl'hat objection may be made. committees, and makes no appropriation. 
Mr. ÉLIOT. I beg leave to say to the gentle- 
The SPEAKER. The diffculty is, that this is 
man that I have here in my hand the two original Mr. BURNETT. 'I'hat is the objection that 
not a private matter. 
bonds -which were paid by Rice and canceled. I make. 
