836 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 9, 
one,ofreporting at anytime. I object to the alter- 
ation of the Journal referring that paper to the 
Committee of Elections, instead of- to the Com- 
mittee on Territories, because it would give this 
memorial the privilege of being reported at any 
time. anything is to be done, claim that the 
memorial shall come- back to the House, so that 
we may make whatever disposition of it we shall 
deem best. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There no kind of 
question that I had the i'ightto present the memo- 
r!al and have it referred, under the rules, to any 
committee' I chose. 
The SPEAKER. The question of privilege 
refers rather to the matter than to the committee 
I presume, if the question 
to which it is sent. 
did not relate to the right of a member to a seat 
upon this floor* the committce could not have it 
:considered at any time. A mistake has been made, 
and thé Chair Iliopes that it will be corrected. 
Mr. BRANCH. If it be a clerical error of the 
Speaker or the. Clerk, I will not object to the 
correction being made. 
The SPEAKER. That is it is. 
The House then ordered the correction to be 
made. 
SEIZURE OF MERCHANT*DSSELS. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask the unani- 
mous.consent of the House to introduce the fol- 
lowing resolution of inquiry. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed 
to iniOrm the House whether he has received any, and what, 
official advices, or whether any, and what, official inlt)Yina- 
tion,has been received by the Treasury Department, rela- 
uve to the seizure, in the port of Savannah, 01' any vessels 
or any shipping of a.ny description, and especially respect- 
ing the seizure of the brig W. R. Kirby, bark Adjustor, brig 
Golden Lead, schooner Julia A. Halleck, and the bark Sa- 
rah Colden Murray, all ot• New York, and if scizcd, by 
whom, and by what authority they were seized. 
Mr. BRANCH. I object to tl'klt resolution, 
unless any friend from New York will tell me how 
the Treasury Departmern cnn come into -posses- 
Sion ofoffcial information of the seizure of pri vale 
vessels ? 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. In this way: the 
Secretåry of the Treasury is in charge of the ex- 
ecution of the revenue laws, and all shipping is 
subjected to the ?ressure, and presence of those 
laws. Unless a State has so far withdrawn from 
the Union as to be antæronist.ie, t.o it, it is import- 
ant that any seizure of shipping Of the Unite(.l 
States should be at once communicated to the 
executive. of the Treasury Department. 
Mr. BRANCH. 
If tho gentleman will accept 
modification of his resolution, that thc Secretary 
of the Treasury shall comrnunicate the official 
inforrnntion in his possession, I will not object. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 accept that mod- 
-ification of my resolution. 
with elections recently or now pending in any of the States ; 
and that said committee have power to send. for persons 
and papers, and to report at any time.. 
Mr. McPHERSON objected. 
STATE OF UNION. 
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour 
had expired, and that the special order was before 
the House; on which the gentleman from Ohio 
[Mr. HUTCHINS] was entitled to the floor. 
Mr. BURNETT. Ifthe gentleman from Ohio 
will permit me, I will movc that the House pro- 
coed to the consideration of the business upon the 
Speaker's table. 
Mr. GROW. For reference of the bills there 
and no other purpose. 
Mr. BURNETT. That is my motion. 
The question was taken on Mr. BURNETT'S 
motion; and it was agreed to. 
ROBERT STOCKTON. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate 
amendments to I-louse joint resolution ' No. 392 
directing the accounting officers of the Treasury 
to settle {he accounts of the late Robert Stockton , 
quartermaster, &c.; which were referred to the 
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and ordered 
to be printed. 
REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE. 
Mr. CORWIN. Mr. Speaker, 1 have beeh very 
much pressed upon all sides of the House to post- 
pone still further the time for taking the vote on 
the special order, which has been under discus- 
Sion for some time. I believe that the public in- 
terest would not be prejudiced by a postpone)nent 
until next Thursday. 
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio 
can, under the rules, at any time, call the previous 
question, and bring the House to a vote on the 
special order; and, if the gentleman will permit 
I will say, in all deference to his ago and ex- 
pcricnce, that [be country wants action more than 
speech-making. The sooner, sir, 
we have the 
. vote the. better it will be for the country. 
Mr. CORWIN. 1 am fully impressed by the 
consideration rcferred•to by the gentleman frorn 
Kentucky; but, sir, it nmy bc that the convention 
now assembled in this city may soon do solne- 
thing to throw light upon this subject, and enable 
us better to coine to a conclusion than we now arc. 
The S'PEAKER. 
It has bccn alrctldy stated 
that tho vote would not be talcei'l until next Friday. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The 
tlernan, upon his own motion the other day, when 
the special order was called, postponed it until 
Friday next. 
IMr. SHERMAN. My colleacue rnoves now 
to postpone the special order. 
FL' he gentleman 
from North Carolina misunderstood him. 
Mr. CORWIN. IVI.y motion, in efü•.xct, is, to 
I ask that the gentleman from postpone debate upon the special order until that 
Mr. PRYOR. 
New York make another rnodification of his res- 
o]ution, by adding these words: 
Also, whether hc has oflieial in relation to 
the seizure of' any property belongil)" to the State of Geor- 
gia by the authorities of the city or State of York. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If he has any 
Cial information on that subject, I an-I willingr 
it shall be connnunicated . 
The resolution, as modified, was read. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object to the resolution. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Igive notice 1 will 
try to introduce that resolution next Monday. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. MARSTOLN, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented the memorial of citizens of Portsmouth, 
New Hampshire, praying that such measures rnay 
be speedily adopted by Congress, for the pacific 
day. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Gentlemen E 
upon that side of the House have been heard upon 
this question, bilt gentlemen this side of the 
Yf.ouse have 110t been heard at all. There are gen- 
tletnen w 110 art) anxious to debate it, and I hope 
they will l.)e permitted to express their views. 
1 
have no hope that anything will result from that 
It Inn y be that they will settle 
peace concrrcss. 
this national difliculty; but, at all cvents, after 
that side of the House have been allowed to de- 
bate this yuatter, they oucrht to bc willing to extend 
the samc privilege to us. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 did not understand the 
motione-ef' the gentleman at t.he t.in'le he made it. 
I thought it wras a to postpone the time 
at which hc proposed to ask a vote. So far as I 
am concerned, I am perfectly willing that he 
sett.lement of our present difficulties, as will etn- il should postpone 
that motion until five minutes 
brace substantially such a l)lan of comprolüise as before the time he desires to take a vote. But I 
may be deemed expedient to restore tranquillity think, 
if the consideration of the special order is 
and peace to our distracted country; which to be postponed, it would certainly be unjust to 
laid upon the table. 
CRIMINALITY OF OFFICERS. 
gentlernen upon this side who desire to rnake 
speeches, but who, undor such an order made at 
this time, would bc cut off froin that privilegc. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the unanimous con- 
Mr. CORWIN. 1 certainly shall not call for 
sent of the House for leave to submit a resolution 
a vote until all have had fair opportunity to be 
relating to what 1 consider a gross criminality on 
heard. 
the part of certaill offcers of the executive de- 
IVIr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mv action 
partment of this Government: 
upon the motion of the gentleman from Ohio will 
business. If we can go on now with this special 
order, and also close up the public business in the 
mean tirne, 1 would be glad 10 go on and dispose 
of the matter. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. think 
it exceedingly unfair to postpone the special order 
at the,present time. Elections are progressimr in 
two or three States; and I am informed that one 
or two of the Departments of this Government are 
employing their entire force in sending to those 
States thé speeches made upon that side of the 
House upon this subject; and therefore I think 
it unfair to cut off debate now before this side of 
the House has had an opportunity to be heard. 
The SPEAKER. The Chairmust remind gen- 
tlemen that this debate is all out of order, as the 
House is acting under an order that thc special 
order should be postponed for the purpose of 
proceeding to business upon the Speaker's table. 
Mr. CRAIG E, of North Carolina. I am will- 
ing to take the vote now, or at any time; but if 
the consideration of the matter is to be postponed 
for the purpose of shutting the mouths of those 
who are opposed to the report of thq committee, 
I must object to that course. 
If the gentleman 
from Ohio desires to come up to the scratch and 
take a vote now, I am ready for it. 
Mr. PRYOR. 1 desire to inquire of the chair- 
man of the committee of thirty-th ree, at what time 
he proposes to take a. vote upon the report? 
Mp. conwnv. 1 shall not be ready to com- 
mit myself to such a question as that. 
I have 
no disposition to press a vote upon any of these 
propositions at a time when the House not pre- 
pared. And I assure the gentleman from North 
Carolina, that it is entirely foreign to my inten- 
tion to so manage debate here as to do unfairness 
to anybody. 
Mr. Carolina. Then why 
make any motion upon the subject, inasmuch as 
understood the gentleman, the other dav, to have 
prolonged the time for debate until nexi Friday ? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must interfere, 
and carry out the first order of the House; which 
was to suspend the special order, and proceed to 
the business upon the Speaker's table. When we 
dispose of that, the special order will come up. 
The Clerk will report the next bill. 
SCIIOONER AUGUSTA. 
An act (S. No. 531) to change the name of the 
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook. 
'I'he bill was read a first and second time, and 
referred to the Commitlce on Commerce. 
JOHN PEEBLES. 
An act (S. No. 125) for the relief of John Pee- 
bles. 
The bill was read a first and second time, and 
referred to the Committee of Claims. 
ST. MATTIIFJW'S CHURCII. 
An act for the relief of the parish of St. Mat- 
thew's church, in the city of Washington. 
The bill was read a first and second time, and 
referred to the Committee for the District of Co- 
I lumbia. 
IIOCKADAY & LIGGET. 
An act for the relief of Hockaday & Ligget. 
rl'hc bill was read a first and second tirne, and 
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and 
Post Roads. 
STATE OF UNION. 
The business on the Speaker's table havilP 
been disposed of— 
Mr. SLMMS said: 1 for the special order 
of business. The gentlonmqn from Ohio [Mr 
HUTCHINS] was upon the floor, having been reco(F- 
nized by the Chair. T hc gentleman from Ken- 
tucky [Mr. BURNETT] then rose, and asked him 
to yield to a motion to proceed to the business on 
the Speaker's table. He did so, and that busi- 
ness havin• now been disposed of, I call for the 
regular order of business, which is, the consider- 
ation of the special order. 
Mr. CORWIN. . I understand that my col- 
league frorn Ohio waived his right- to the floor for 
the purpose of making my motion. If I am mis- 
taken, he can say so. 
Mr. SIMMS. rise to a point of order; and I 
want the decision of the Chair upon it. The gen- 
a select connnittec of three be appointed be substantially governed bv the suøgestions of tleman from Ohio HUTCH{NS was recog- 
b.v the Speaker, vcith instructions to inquire any 
the chairman of the Committee of" Ways and nized; and i want to know whether t 1is interrup- 
officer or officers of the executive departznent of this Gov- 
have lately been guilty of jmproper interference II Means in refrrence to the condition of the public I tion comes out of his time ? 
