1861. 
Mr. CORWIN. The gentleman from Ohio 
has not commenced his speech, and of course this 
will not come out of his time. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would say to the 
man from Ohio that the gentleman from Kentucky 
[Mr. SIMMS] desires to speak to-day; and this 
motion can be made after to-day. desire to say 
that on Tuesday or Wednesday there will be pub- 
lic business before the House for its considera- 
tion, whether the special oi•der is pending or not. 
There will be several appropriation bills returned 
from the Senate with amendments; there will be 
territorial and other bills. 
Mr. BURNETT. to the chairmån of 
the special committee to allow his motion to go 
over until Monday. His colleague is entitled to 
the floor; and my colleague from Kentucky de- 
sires to follow him. Let the motion go over until 
Monday, and allow these gentlemen to occupy 
the floor now. 
Mr. SIMMS. I will state to the gentleman 
from Ohio that I have no particular desire to speak 
to-day; and if he desires to make his motion, I am 
perfectly willing. 
Mr. CORWIN. I only wish to postpone the 
special order after to-day until next Thursday. 
Mr. HINDMAN. am one of those long-suf- 
fering individuals, who have had no opportunity 
to speak upon the special order. I may well sac- 
rifice my wishes in that behalf, and propose, as 
a compromise proposition, that we shall take a 
vote now. We might save the Union. 
Mr. BRABSON. I would ask the gentleman 
from Ohio to postpone thc final vote upon this 
question until the peace convention has ac.ted, 
provided they act during the present session of 
Congress, and fix no special day. 
The SPEAKER. The motion before the House 
is to postpone the special order after to-day until 
Thursday next. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The House was addressed by Mr. HUTCH. 
INS. [His speech wili be published in the Ap- 
pendix.] 
Mr. S[MMS obtained the floor. 
Mr. COX. With the permission of my friend 
from Kentucky, I desire to make a remark. 
Mr. CASE. I rise to a point of order. 
that the floor is assigned to the gentleman from 
Kentucky; and I insist that he shall occupy it, 
or yield it. 
Mr. COX. appeal to my friend from Indiana 
whcthcr that is very great courtesy. 
Mr. CASE. The gentleman from Ohio has oc- 
cupied much more time upon this floor than the 
gentleman 's colleague, 
Mr. COX. I have made but one speech; and 
my remarks, by his consent, will come out of the 
time of the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. HIVCCHIINS. If the gentleman makes an 
explanation, I shall ask the privilege of replying. 
Mr. COX. I do not desire to make an expla- 
nation, but only to put things right. 
Mr. CASE. If I desired to put things right, 
it would require two hours upon what thc gentle- 
man himself has said. 
Mr. COX. It may take the gentleman two 
hours to put himself right. I can put myself right 
want to say a word only, in 
in five minutes. 
reply to my colleague from the Ashtabula district. 
Dhe SPEAKER. 'I'he gentleman can only do 
so by unanimous consent, or by the gentleman 
from Kentucky yielding the floor. 
Mr. SICKLES. If it does not come out of the 
time of the gentleman from Kentucky, I presume 
there will be no obiection. 
Mr. CASE. 1 dbject. 
Mr. SICKLES. Nothing throws so much 
light upon a discussion as to have a reply imme- 
diately following the speech. 
Mt. LOGAN. You are afraid to give him a 
hearing. No wonder you are trying to district 
him out of Congress. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
837 
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor. 
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will give way, I 
desire to occupy the floor until the recess. 
Mr. GROW. With the permission of my col- 
league, I move that the House adjourn. 
The SPEAKER. The House will understand 
that the order now is, to take o recess from four 
o'clock until seven. Ifthe motion to adjourn pre- 
vails, the recess will be lost; and we shall not 
meet again till Monday. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman from 
Ohio requests a hearing of the House, and prom- 
ises to occupy only five minutes. 
•I hope he will 
bc heard. 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Ohio? 
i Mr. CAMPBELL. If there is no objection, I 
will do so. 
No objection was made. 
Mr. GROW. Then my motion to adjourn will 
stand. 
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. The gentleman 
from Ohio has five minutes, and will proceed. 
Mr. COX.. That is all that is necessary forme 
in this debate. was surprised that my colleague 
from the Ashtabula district, at the conclusion of 
his attack upon my colleague, [Governor COR- 
WIN,] should have attacked me. Why he did so, 
I knov•.r not; unless it bc from the fact that I asked 
hitn a question in explanation of his artyumcnt 
about incendiary publications to provoke insur- 
rection. asked him the question, whether or 
not he was in favor of suppressing all such publi- 
cat.ions as the Helper book and Theodore Par- 
ker's programme, published in the Tribune, for 
the robbery and murder of Inasters by their slaves 
to obtain their freedom? The gentleman did not 
answer the question. He shirked it; for he knew 
that he represented a constituency who are con- 
tinually preaching and publishing that very sedi- 
tion of which my colleague [Mr. CORWIN] com- 
plaincd, and of which he [Mr. Hu•rc111Ns] is the 
defender, and of which John Brown was the ex- 
emplar. The gentleman knew, when he covered 
his attack upon Governor CORWIN by his attack 
upon me, that he represented some of the very 
men who had been engaged in raids upon their 
neighbors' lives and property. I cannot, sir, fail 
to remcmber that his sensibility about certain dis- 
closures that have transpired in relation to the Re- 
publican executive of Ohio, in refusing to deliver 
to Virginia such miscreants, is no doubt caused 
by the fact that some of the renegades and rascals 
of Joh Brown 's conspiracy had a protecting {Offis 
in thc conspirinff treason of his own district. 
1 
state these facts openly, and in my place; because 
they are wrongs, and with a view to their remedy 
by proper measures. 
But, sir, I wanted to call attention cspecially to 
an ungenerous attack upon myself. 
I did not 
expect it from the gentleman. He said I was 
always very busy in thc House furnishing facts 
—yes, facts, sir—for southern members to attack 
I the North here. 
I would like him to name. the 
southern man to whom I furnished facts, in the 
manner or for the purpose sta.ted. Name him, if 
you can! I will pause for you to name one. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 think the gen- 
tleman from Virginia, Mr. LEAKE, was discuss- 
ing the conduct of Governor Dennison 
Mr COX. Yes, sir; I was about to refer to 
I asked the privilege of Governor LEAKE to 
that. 
take the floor; and in my place I gave the facts to 
the House and the country, and not to Governor 
LEAKE•, I gave them with a view to the proper 
I meet these 
remedy, and f-ronL no other onotite. 
issues openly, here. and elsewhere. I stand here I 
with a duty to the whole country. I speak not • 
alone for my own district, and my own State. But 
when I have information that the Constitution 
and laws have been violated anywhere, and that 
gross wrongs have been done to our own mother 
State of Virginia and our own sister State of Ken- i 
both here and at I 
tuck y, I will never hesitat.e, 
Mr. ASHLEY. 1 shall object, unless my 
league from the Ashtabula district has the same home, to denounce the, unfaithful men, even though 
i! they do disgrace the State af Ohio. [Applause 
time for reply. 
Mr. COX. That would be very generous and in the galleries.] The gentleman undertakes to 
brave; but I am not asking any fhvor from the acknowledge I am a tJnion man, Good God! 
gentleman from Ohio, f.M'r. A.SHLEY.] My col- What an admission to come from the successor 
[Renewed applause.] 
league [Mr. HUTCHINS] had an hour; I only ask of Joshua R. Giddings ! 
How refreshing from a man like my colleague, 
five minutes. 
he taught it here for twenty years.' : He could or— 
ganize conspiracies in the gentleman'S district, 
for the purpose of attacking the offcers of the 
and defeating its execution—not stopping titm•ura 
der to accomplish such designs. He could advise 
the " shooting down as pirates " of offcers en- 
gaged in executing the laws of the United States.. 
If Mr. Giddings, who had no scruples as to mur- 
der in defeating was ldft at •home; how 
far woutd the gentleman go Whö• supeiseded Mr. 
Giddings because he was more ultra and reliable 
than Mr. Giddings. 
[Here the hammer fell]. 
The SPEAKER. The question on adjourn. 
ment. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. 1 am sure the gentleman: 
from Pennsylvania will. allow me five minutes to 
reply to my colleague. 
Mr. COX. I object to my colleague going on 
unless I have an opportunity to reply. He would 
not give me an opportunity to answer his charges. 
He had an hour and 1 had only five minutes. 
Mr. SICKLES. There has been one round 
on each sidei as was agreed The contest is 
closed. 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman from: 
Ohio [Mr. Coxl does not intend to shut the door 
down amainst his colleague. Give him five min- 
utes. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. The gentleman Penn- 
sylvania has yielded me the floor. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on mo- 
tion to adjourn. 
Mr. CAMPBELL: 1 hope that, by unanimous 
consent, the gentleman [Mr. HUTCHINS] will be 
allowed five minutes to reply to his colleague. 
Mr. BARR. I hope the House will adjourn. 
The SPEAKER. The question on adjourn- 
ment must be ut. 
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then hope the- House 
will vote it down. 
The question was taken; and the House refused 
to adjourn. 
The SPEAKER. Unless otherwise, ordered, 
the Chair will order a recess when it comes to four 
o 'clock. 
Mr. BURNETT. Let us agree, by unanimous 
consent, that the gentlemen [Messrs. Cox and 
HUTCHINS] shall havefive minutes apiece on this 
interesting discussion. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 rise to point: 
of order. '1'he House gave its unanimous consent 
that, in consideration of the gentleman having tim'e 
to reply, we should take an adjournment, notwith- 
standing the hour of four might in the mean time, 
arrive; so that, although that time should pass, 
the House would still, by unanimous consent, 
have avote on the motion to adjourn. 
Mr. SICKLES. We have no objection to re- 
newing the debate on equal terms—five minutes 
to each gentleman. 
The SPEAKER. That being the understand- 
ing, there will be no difficulty in lettinæ each of 
tho gentlemen have five minutes. 
IWI-r. BURNETT. I want it understood they' 
are to have five minutes each. 
The SPEAKER. Certainly. Go on. [Laugh- 
ter.] The Chair gives notice he will watch the 
time closely. [Laugh ter.] 
Mr. HUTCHINS. Toward my colleague, per- 
sonally, entertain no other feeling than that of 
kindness. Against his political acts I have had, 
and now have, some little criticism to make; be- 
cause, on every possible occasion that he could 
get the ear of this House, he has seen fit to de- 
nounce my constituents as enemies to the Union, 
and as abettors of the raid of John Brown. He 
even brought against the judges of the State the 
charge of singing the Marseillaise on the bench; 
and also amninst the citizens of the MT estern Re- 
serve, the same charge of singing the same patri- 
otic song—through their noses. [Laughter.] 
Now, my constituents are a humane and Chris-A 
tian people. They are opposed to cruelty in. any 
shape, or to any sort of people; and if they had 
known the sensitiveness of my colleague,and the 
nervousness of his disposition, they certainly 
never would have sung m his presence thatbeau- 
tiful Marseillaise, to •which he objects, with the 
nasal twang. [Laughter. 
I found fault iVith my co league because hc un- 
Mr. SIMMS resumed the floor, and addressed ! I who was nominated and elected because he was 
dertook to furnish the gentleman from Virginia, 
the House for an hour. [His speech will be pub* more radical than Mr. Giddings himself! Mr. [Mr. is, in good faith, I believe, 
ii Giddings could teach insurrection. We know how in favor of secession as a remedy—with materials 
lished in the Appendix.] 
