1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
839 
fugitive slave law we did not recognize the right 
of each man, upon his own responsibility, to nul- 
lify and resist its execution or to question its con- 
stitutionality. We understand perfect]." well that 
that question is to be tested by the judicial tribu- 
nals; and I hold it to be the duty of every good 
citizen to acquiesce in the judgment of such tribu- 
nal, whatever it may be, until it shall be reversed 
by a higher tribunal. That is the position of the 
Republican party of Ohio. 
But, sir, am told that I voted for a judge who 
held this fUgitive slave law to be unconstitutional. 
I certainly did so vote, and I certainly shall always 
vote for a judge with strict reference to his integ- 
rity and his capacity, wi thoutconsidering thc quos- 
tion as to whether I concur with him upon every 
decision be makes upon the bench or not, i will 
not take special demurrers upon the stump. I wilk 
not inquire whether each specific decision he has 
made was right or wrong, because I never knew 
ajud%in all of whose opinions I concurred. 
therefore supported the judge to wrhom the gentle- 
man refers because of In y confidence in his abil- 
ity and in his integrity. It is true, he decided 
that Congress had no power to pass any law fbr 
the recapture of fugitive slaves. In that decision 
r hokd the question to be con• 
I do not concur. 
cludcd by the practice of the Governm6,nt for the 
If it were un original question 
last sixty years. 
I shoukd concur with him; but I am one of those 
who believe that something ought to be settled, 
and that the uniformly satled practice of the pcnsation for the Kickapoo land office. 
derstood the Senate will ask for another commit- 
Government for three generations is sufficient. 
tec of conference. 
'I'his being a question of that sort—a question that 
I I And then, on motion of Mr. GROW, (at four 
has been so settled—I would acquiesce in it. Judae 
Brinkerhoff decided otherwise. But that was no o'clock and twenty minutes, p. m.) the House 
reason why I should not vote for him. He was adjourned. 
State Department; which,wae referred to the Com- 
tion of the country is at stake; when southern 
mittee on the Library. 
States are convulsed by the action of northern 
Mr. BIGLER presented the proceedings of a 
States violative of confederative faith; when this 
Union mass meeting of the citizens.ofVenahgq 
very question is mooted from one end of the coun- 
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of the compro• 
try•to the other; then, for a great party to meet in 
mise measures proposed by Mr. CRITTENDEN* 
convention, repudiate a law of Congress declared 
which were ordered to lie on the table. 
to be constitutional by the supreme judicial tri- 
He also presented the proceedings of a meeting 
bunal, and justify, by nominating, the man who 
had nullified it, is it not monstrous? Then for 
of Dem ocrats and other citizens ofChestercounty, 
Pennsylvania, held on the 28th January, 1861, In 
such men to come here and claim to support the 
favor of the compromise measures proposed by 
Constitution and the Union! Why, sir, with 
Mr. CRIiTENDEN•, which were ordered to lie. on 
some it may be ignm•ance•, with others inconsist- 
the tablc. 
ency; with the rest hypocrisy; but with all trea- 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of 
I shall leave to my colleagues thcir choice 
son . 
Philadelphia, praying for the adoption of the com- 
of these classifications. What have they done 
promise measures proposed by Mr. CRITTENDEN* 
but broken down the Constltuuon by insidious 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
sapping and mining—almost as bad, if not worse 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 present the memorial of W. 
than the bold, open, rebellious breaches of the 
C. Jewett, tåvoring the patriotic motives prompt- 
laws of the United States, sueh as we unhappily 
ing the Cri ttenden -Bigler resolutions, but opposed 
see in our extreme southern States? 
to petitions favoring them, as calculated to. mis- 
[Here the hammer fell.] 
lead the people (amendments to the Constitution 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
not being required) and showing 
Mr. SPAULDING. to a privileged 
entire change of representation, and power to 
'I" he committee of conference on the disa- . 
It was handed to me with the request. that 
tion. 
votes between the t.'.vo Houses the 
it be presented; and, as it has a Union-saving 
tendency, i present it, and leave it to the Senate 
deficiency bill have, after full and free conferenct), 
been unable to agree. The disagreement was par- 
ticularly on the Senate amendment appropriating 
OFFICER. It will lie on 
II the table. 
to the Chiriqui improvement Company, 
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial of citizens 
alid the Senato amendment granting extra com- 
- of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the Con- 
stitution as it is, and the enforcement of all the 
il laws; which svas ordered to lie on the table. 
MI'. HARLAN presented a petition of Isaac W. 
Griffith, register of the land offce of Fort Des 
a better taw yer than his opponent; he was, in my 
judgment, a more honest man, and a man in every 
way better qualified ;and therefore I voted for him, 
and my colleague can make the most of it. 
[Here the hammer fell.] 
Mr. COX. My colleague from Ohio [Mr. STAN- 
TON] steps in advance of my colleague frotn the 
Ashtabula district, [Mr. Eltvrc1-11Ns,] to shield him. 
Mr. STANTON. Not all. 
for he knows very well 
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; 
heis not as obnoxious, in the respect to which I 
referred , as Ibe gentlernan from the Ash tabula dis- 
trict. The gentleman makes a sort of defense for 
his supportofJudge Brinkerhoff. Now, sir, I 
some respect for the gentleman from the Ashta- 
bula district, [Mr. HUTCHINS,] because be believes 
what he says, and will stand up, under all circum- 
stances, for the doctrines of his party. He de- 
fends Judge Brin kerhofl' even in respect to the nulli- 
fication of tlie fugitive slave law; but the other 
gentleman from Ohio [ Mr. STANTON] says, Oh, 
no! I do not det•end Judge Brin kerhoff's nullifica- 
tion doctrine, but I voted for hitn, because I am 
for an independent judiciary." Well, sir, Ido not 
take, issue with him upon that point as to the in- 
dependence of the judiciary; but I do take issue 
with him when he claims that such independence 
should be sustained when it becomes nullification. 
it may become those who think like myself; but 
it does not become gentlemen who voted for this 
judge to find fault with southern men , because they 
have nullified the Federal authority, when, by the 
confession of my colleague before the nation to- 
day, he, and two hundred and twelve thousand 
other Ohio Republicans, voted for a-chief justice 
of that. State on the question being made whether 
or not the Constitution of the country should 
stand. He voted, by his own confession, for a 
judge •vvho had, in so far as he could, nullified that 
Constitution. 
That judge had decided that the decision of 
the United Stales court on these questions should 
settle nothing;" and my collcagae voted for him. 
He. declared against the omnipotence of the 
Federal power" with respect to these very ques- 
IN SENATE. 
NIONDAY, February 11, 1861. 
Prayer by Rev. J. J. BULLOCK, D. D. , of Lex- 
ington, Kentucky. 
'I'he Journal of Saturday last was rénd and ap- 
proved. 
GEORGE H. GIDDINGS. 
Mr. WADE. I move to take' up a private 
bill. 
M.r. BIGLER. we must get in 
rials first. 
Mr. WADE. 1 understand it is all right; and 
I do it because 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BRIGHT 
It is the duty of the Chair to re- 
in the chair.) 
ccive memorials first. 
NIr. WADE. I suppose I can Illove to post- 
pone them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
can move to postpone the prior order of busi- 
ness. 
Mr. WADE. I will state to the Senate that 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, of the House of Rep- 
resentatives, has this little bill in charge, and he is 
obliged to go away, and he wants it passed before 
he goes. It will take but a moment, I presume. 
It is a joint resolu- 
understand it is all right. 
tion of thc House of Representatives' (No. 62) for I 
the benefit of George H. Giddings, for scrviccs in 
carrying the mails. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Are petitions in order? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Ohio has moved to postpone the prior order 
of business, for the purpose of taking up the joint 
resolution indicated by him. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. WADE presented four petitions of citi- 
zens of Philadelphia, in favor of the Union, the i 
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all 
the laws; which were ordered to lic on the table. 
Mr. KENNEDY presented the of 
IVIoines, Iowa, praying for the reimbursement of 
money paid for clerk hire; which was referred to 
the Committee on Public lands. 
Mr CRITTENDEN. 1 rise again, Mr. Pres- 
ident, to discharge the agreeable duty of present- 
ing to the Senate various petitions praying for the 
settlerncnt of the great national troubles which 
now irnpend over the country, on the basis of the 
resolutions which I have offered, or something 
similar to them. 
The first is a petition from citizens of Newbury- 
port, Massachusetts. desire to have it read. It 
IS a petition very numerously signed. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
To tltc honorable Senate and House of Representatives in 
Congress assembled : 'I'he undersigned citlzens of Newbury- 
port, wishing their views to be correctly presented take 
this occaslon and this means of saying, that they feet that 
the unity of the country, which involves the highest indi- 
vidual and public interests. the business prosperity of the 
people, the freedom of the nation, our honor as a Confed- 
eracy abroad, and the progress of republican liberty in the 
world, is in imminent peril; and they would therefore 
respectfully pray that you may, as speedily as possible, pase 
the compromise rcsolutions of Senator CRITTENDEN, or 
solne others embodying such principles as wilk satisfy the 
substantial and conservative masses of the people North 
and South, and thus allay the present excitement, and allow 
the nation to Inove iörward in that path of gieatness-and 
power •svfiich, as a united people, is marked out for it- in 
thc future. 
N,lr. CRITTENDEN. From a. part of the 
Union very remote from that, has come another 
petition, which I beg leave to present to the Sen- 
ate, from citizens of the State of Missouri, accom- 
panied by a flag of the old Union—one that may 
last forever, I hope. 
I have another memorial from the citizens of 
Clay county, in the State of Missouri, and two 
others from the same State and county; another 
from citizens of Attleborough, in the State of Mas- 
sachusetts; another from citizens of the county of 
Clay, in the State of Missouri ;and the proceedings 
of a public meeting held in the city of Charles- 
town, Massachusetts, adopting resolutions prav- 
ing for the settlement and adjustment of these dft- 
ficuities, and to the same effect as the petitions. 
They desire them to be laid before the Senate. 
The memorials were ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. BIGLER. I present a memorial of citi- 
tions fixed in the Constitution; and my learned E. A. H. Adams, George W. Thompson, and 
colleague iustified thatjüdge by his vote, by his ac- II rl'homasE-I. Green, praying that authority be II zens of Mon(gomery county, in the Stale of Peno- 
tion, and by the action of his whole party. He did ii given to the Secretary of (he Navy to adjust and sylvunia, who represent that thus far Congress 
settle charges for boarding and attendance of three l! has failed, and it is apparent to your petitioners 
this on the direct issue being made and uriderstood, 
II 
that it is unable or unwilling, to agree upon-an ad- 
inen, attached to the navy-yard at MT ashington, 
from one end of the State to the other. Though 
, justment of the present difficulties surrounding 
who were injured by the bursting ofa cannon on 
he did not agree with his decision, yet he sus- 
I would also vote for a the 141b July, 18.55; which was referred to the our coun try, and they earnestly pray Congress 
tained the unjust judge. 
if to pass an act enabling the people, at the ballot- 
thouoh I differed from him on a matter I Committee on Naval Affairs. 
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of C. box, to express their wishes for a settlement of 
involving dollars, or a horse, or a contract, or 
I will pause when B. Norton, prayimr that an appropriation may our national troubles; either by subinitting, for 
somethiög of that nature. 
be made for the purchase of certain manuscripts II their approval or disapproval, a plan of compro- 
his decision subversive of order, law, authnr„ 
for the use of the library of Cmgress and the mise, or by the resignation of the members of the 
ity, and the Constitution. When the Constitu- i 
