1861. 
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 
666) fbr the relief of William Sutton, reported it 
without amendment, with a recommendation that 
it pass. 
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen- 
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 
390) for the relief of Stephen Bunnell, rcported it 
with an amendment. 
Mr. HALE. The Committee on the Post Offce 
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the peti- 
tion of Daniel B. Hibbard, praying compensation 
for his services in transporting the United States 
mail between the villages of St. John 'sand Lyons, 
in the State of Michigan, under his agreement 
with the deputy postmaster at St. John's, have 
instructed me to reporta bill in his behalf, and to 
ask for its present consideration. I will state that 
this matter was referred to the committee some 
two years aoo, and a report was made in favor of 
giving him $800 by the committee, when Mr. 
YULEE was chairman, and by accident it was mis- 
laid. The report is-two years old. The bill only 
gives him $800; and I ask for its immediate con- 
sideration. 
The bill (S. No. 561) for the relief B. 
Hibbard was read, and passed to a second read- 
ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will 
have its second reading, if there be no objection. 
Mr. BINGHAM and others objected. 
TDRRITORY OF NDVADA. 
Mr. LATHAM. I present two memorials, 
signed by between eight and ten thousand people 
from Carson Valley, commonly known as the 
Washoe diggings, praying Congress for the es- 
tablishment of a territorial government. The 
memorial is a very short one, and the parties have 
one to a great deal of expense in getting it before 
Mongress; and I ask that it be read. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
To the Scnate and 
House of Rcpresentatives of tic UnitedStates 
Vour petitioners, residents of western Utah, in the pro- 
posed new Territory of Nevada, would respectfully repre- 
sent: 
That they are greatly in need of a separate territorial 
government; that they are separated from Great Salt Lake, 
the capital of Utah, by over six hundred miles of descrt and 
wilderness, inhabited only by unfriendly Indians; that it is 
impossible to enforce the laws of Utah, on aecouut of the, 
distance and country through which prisoners rnust be 
transported to the penitentiary, and because of the un- 
friendly legislation of the Mormon people, who are enemies I 
to our prosperity, and also because they deny us a just rep- 
resentation, and refuse to give us any voice in making the 
laws; that notwithstandin-g the hest eförts of thc presiding 
judges and officers of the law and your petitioners, we are, 
and must be, until Congress shall grant relief, in a deplora- 
ble state of anarchy ; that our present population is not less 
than fifteen thousand, although the census returns do not 
show that number, from the fact that a large portion of our 
citizens were absent at the time tbc census was taken, on 
account of the Indian war which existed in the early part 
of the stumncr, and besides, the emigcntion durin!: the last 
four months has nearly doubled the population ; 
that thc 
extent and richness of our Illincs arc so great, that we Ibar 
it would destroy confidence in our veracity if we should 
"Itho fact that the 
state the whole truth in regard to thein. 
people o? Cali(brnia have invested over ten million dollars 
in mines and niining operations in this country, Inust sat- 
isty ull that they at least appreciate, to soine extent, our 
mineral resources, as compared with California. 'Phat not- 
withstanding the want of confidence which is universally 
felt in new discoveries, the snowy n:ountains which sep- 
orate us from California, the scvcrity ot• last winter, the 
Indian war last stunmer, and, worse than ali, want of proper 
government, our proaress in the development of the coun- 
try has been constant and rapid. Towns are springing up 
in every direction ; arnong the tnost prominent are Virginia 
and Carson cities, Gold Hill, Silver City, Genoa, Washoe 
Valley, Steamboat, and Esmeralda, and in nnost of these are 
large and substantial stone and brick buildings. 'The popu- 
lation is comprised of permanent residents. and a large 
number of fänlilies, with not less than of capital 
"Chat during the last sununer and 
employed in trade. 
there have been erected, and are now in operation, sixtcen 
quartz-mi\ls and twenty saw-mills, at an exoense of nearly 
two million dollars. These mills furnish employinent för 
not less than onc thousand laborers. and the building of 
quartz-mills has but just commenced, and the saw-mills 
now erected are unablc to supply thc market. 'That we have 
a large extent of agricultural lands, which arc being inclosed 
and brought into a state of subjection and cultivation; that 
the resources of this 'l'erritory, agricultural and mineral, 
are abundantly sufficient to support the population ofa large 
Votr petitioner* would finther represent t.hat. they are a 
law-abiding and Union-lovino people, and are not inter- 
ested in any abstract question' about the institution of sla- 
very, but desire to be protected in their iives and property ; 
which can never bc effected in our isolated condition witli- 
out a separate territorial orcanization. 
petitioners theretOre pray that Congress ••.vill grant 
relief by passing the biils now pending for the organization 
of the rrerritory of Nevada; and your petitioners will ever 
pray, as in duty bound. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Mr. LATHAM. 1 move that the memorials 
be referred to the Committee on Territories 
The motion was agreed to. 
DUVALL AND BROTHER. 
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Claims, to 
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R. 
No. 57) for the benefit of Duvall & Brother, have 
instructed me to report it back with a recommenda- 
tion tha€ it pass; and I ask the Senate to put the 
joint resolution on its passage now. It is a House 
resolution, which appropriates $118 only. The 
committee were unanimous that i-t ought to pass. 
It is merely to carry into effect a previous reso- 
lution for the payment of these gentlemen; but 
owing to their names not having been contained 
in that resolution, as it ought to have been, it 
failed to effect the purpose which Congress had 
in view. I ask for the passage pf the joint reso- 
lution now. 
The joint resolution (H.R. No. 57) for the ben- 
•efit of Duval & Brother, was considered as in 
Committee of the Whole. 
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas- 
ury to pay to Duvall & Brother, merchant tai- 
lors in the city of 'Washington, assignees of R. A. 
Davidge, the amount of money appropriated for 
thc benefit of Davidge by an act of Congress ap- 
proved February 18,. 1859. 
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen- 
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third time, 
and passed. 
APPEAL IN COPYRIGHT CASES. 
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi- 
ciary, to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R. 
No. 554) to extend the right of appeal from decis- 
ions of circuit courts to Supreme Court of the 
United States, have instructed me to report it back, 
with an alteration of the amendments adopted by 
the Senate, which arc the same in substance, but 
render the languaoe more precise. I ask for the 
present consideration of it, because it is a bill that 
affects the right ofa great rnany individuals, and it 
witl not take tx.vo minutes to pass it. 
It is only an 
alteration of the phraseology as regards theamend- 
ments which tho Senate have aheady adopted in 
substanc%i If the Senate take it up, I move to i 
reconsidVr the second and third amendinents, in 
order to put them in another form. 'Ehc first 
stands. 
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill; and 
the vote adopting the second and third amend- 
ments was reconsidered. 
Mr. BAYARD. I rnove the adoption of the 
amendments now reported. 
The Secretary read the amendments. 
r I'he second was. after the word 
writings," in the tenth line, to insert the words 
or to inventors, the exclusive right to their in- 
ventions or discoveries;" so that the clause will 
read : 
'I'hat from all judgments and decrees of any circuit court 
rcndered in any action, suit, controversy, or case, at law or 
in equity, arising under any law of the United States grant- 
ing or confirming to authors the exclusive right to their re- 
spective writings, or to inventors the exclusive right to their 
inventions or discoverics. 
The amendment was agreed to 
The next amendment was after the word " lie, 
in the twelfth line, to insert the words 
" at the 
instance of either party," so that the clause wilt 
read : 
A writ of error or appeal, as the case may requite, shall 
lie at the instance of either party. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendrnent was to strike out all after 
the word " courts, "in thc fifteenth line, and insert 
" without regard to the sum or value in contro- 
versy in the action;" so as to-read: 
In the same manner and under the sarne circumstances 
as is now provided by law in other judginents and decrees 
of such circuit courts, without regard to the stun or value 
in controversy in the action. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. BAYARD. These are atl theamendments. 
I will state that the only effect of the bill, as n'ow 
amended, is to place applications apisin5 under 
the laws of copyright and the laws in reference to 
patents on the same footing, in regard to the right 
of appeal; and it gives no further right than this: 
that it dispenses with the limitation of the amount 
or sum in controversy, as regards the appeal to 
the Supreme Court. That is the extent of it. 
The bill was passed. 
CASÉ. 
Mr. GREEN. I offer the following resolution, 
and ask for its present consideration. I hope ghere 
will be no objection to it: 
Resolved? That the President of the United States be re- 
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to 
communicate to the Senate a eopy of any correspondence 
which may have taken place between this Govehxnerit and 
that of her Britannie Majesty, and of any dispatches which 
may have been received froni the United States •Minister at 
London, relative to the_extradition of one Anderson, a man 
of color, charged with the commission of the Crime Of:mur- 
der -in the State of Missouri. 
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie over. 
Mr. GREEN. 1 shall call it up at the earliest 
day possible, and see who will then object. 
Mr. SUMNER subsequently withdrew his 
objection; and the resolution was agreed to. 
INDIANA AND ILLINOIS TWO PER CENT. FUND. 
Mr. FITCH. There is a bill on the Vice 
ident's desk, from the House of Representatives, 
No. 103, which I desire to call up with a view of 
having it referred with instructions. It is a matter 
of some importance, both to the Government and 
the State of Indiana. 
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. tNo. 
103 authorizmg the payment of the two per cent. 
Ian fund, to which the States of Illinois and In- 
diana are entitled {br road purposes, to said States, 
was read the first and second times by its title. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 desire to a brief 
ment of the reasons for the instructions which I 
shall presently move. 'Ilhe two per cent. fund due 
the State of Indiana has, it appears, been applied 
usually by the United States Government to the 
payment of interest on certain Indiana bonds, 
which the Government holds in trust for Indians; 
interest otherwise unpaid by the State. A mis- 
und_erstanding appears. to exist between the State 
and the General Government in relation to the 
liability of the former on these bonds. Some two 
or three years since the Department of the Interior 
called my attention to the condition in which these 
bonds then were, and subsequently have been. 
The State has neglected or refused to pay the in- 
terest. The Secretary of the Interior inclosed to 
me one of the bonds as a specimen of-its class, 
desirino• me to open a correspondence, with our 
State. authorities on the subject of the why and 
wherefore of the non-payment of the interest. 
I inclosed either the bond or description of it— 
the length of time which has intervened prevents 
me. from now recollecting which—to the Governor 
of Indiana, asking the information desired by the 
I)epartment. The answer was, as I had antici- 
. pated, that the bonds were of a class which the 
State supposed it had retired by what is known 
in Indiana as the Butler bill—a bill by which the 
State proposed to surrender the YVabash and Erie 
canal to the holders of these bohds; that due notice 
having been given to the holders to come forward 
and surrender the bonds, and take certificates of 
stock in the canal in part payment, and Other 
bonds for the remainder; and the United States 
had neglected to do this, had no claim. I de- 
sire to move a reference of this bill to the Commit- 
tee on the Judiciary, with the instructions which 
If the State is liable, 
send to the Clerk's desk. 
I have no idea that it desires to repudiate that 
liability; if it is not liable, the want of liability 
should be acknowledged, and the bonds surren- 
dered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for 
the special order has arrived. 
Mr. FITCH. i ask for a moment's suspen- 
Sion of the special order, that this bill may be 
referred with instructions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous 
consent, the special order will be passed over for 
the time being. The Chair hears no objection. 
The instructions proposed by the Senator from 
Indiana will bc read. 
The Secretary read, as follow's: 
Ordered, 'l'hat the bill (I-I. R. No. 103) authorizing the 
payment of the two per eclitu;n land fund, to wlliell the 
States of Illinois and indiana are entit*ed tor land purposes, 
to said States, be referred to the Cotntnittee on the Judi- 
ciary, with instructions to report whether thé State of Iti- 
diana is responsible tur certain of its bonds; principal and 
interest, held by the Interior Deoaz-tmei'lt in trust för certain 
Indians; and if respousible, to sn ainend the bill as to direct 
the Secretary of the interior to arrange with the State a 
settlement of tbe said bonds. 
Mr. FITCH. Doubtless this arrangement 
would have been made at the time of the transfer 
of the canal, but for the fact that no officer of the 
