842 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
Government was authorized by Congress to make 
the arrangement; and now the question is, whether 
under the circumstances the State is liable or not. 
desire a report upon thab question from the Ju- 
diciary Committee. 
Mr. TRUMBULL rose. 
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Illinois will 
perceive that it does not affect. the two per centum 
due his State one way or the other. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope the Senator from 
Indiana will not persist in having that matter set- 
tled upon this bill. 
I am aware that it does not 
affect the two per cent. fund so far as it applies 
to Illinois; but it brings up a controversy about 
a disputed point that really ought not to be at- 
lachcd to thiS bill. 
I have no objection to a res- 
Oh.ition going to the Judiciary Committee instruct- 
ing them to inquire, and give their opinion, as to 
the r liability of Indiana on the bonds which the 
gentleman has indicated; but his present motion 
will evidently delay this bill; and probably, at 
(H. R. No. 864) making appropriations for thb 
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern- 
ment for the year ending June 30, 1862, and had 
agreed to the seventh amendment of the Senate 
to the said bill, with an amendment, in which the 
concurrence of the Senate was requested. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for 
the special order has arrived, and it must be taken 
up, unless the Senate direcp otherwise. 
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senate to take up 
the special order. 
Mr. WILSON. What is the special order? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special 
order is the message of the President communi- 
cating to the Senate a series of resolut.ionsadopted 
by the Legislature of Virginia, which was ap- 
pointed for one o'clock to-day; but the unfinished 
business of Saturday last takes precedence, which 
is the bill (H. R. No. 914) making appropria- 
tions for the naval service for the year ending the 
this stage of the session, will be the means of its 
30th of June, 1862. 
defeat. If thc Senator will put-in his instructions 
Mr. YViLSON. on the question of the mes- 
as a resolution to the committee, instead of tying 
sage, I had the floor for one o'clock to-day; but 
up this bill with it, I shall have no sort of objec- 
I fiave been urged to yield that point for the pur- 
tion; but the effect will be, I very much appre- i 
pose of allowing the appronriat.ion bills and the 
hend, to dcåay the bill in getting this investiga- 
tariff' bill to be considered. These are important, 
tion, that we shall have no action upon it at 
and I suppose the country will survive a few days 
this session. 
Mr. FITCH. The Senator will see, if He reads 
the bill, that any instruction of this kind to the 
Judiciary Committee will not prevent thc payment 
of this money on the part of the General Govern- 
ment to the State of Illinois. The directions of the I 
bill are imperative, to pay the money over to the I 
States; andof course the controversy that has been 
'roilP on for years between the Indiana State au- 
thorilies tic United Stat.cs will be terminated 
somewhat summarily, and perhaps t(.) the preju- 
dice of the latter; as its authorities, if t,hcy respect 
the law, will be compelled to pay the Inouey over 
to Indiana, whether the State be liable in the bonds 
or not, and without any (locision of that question. 
desire that question to be settled. 
If Indiana IS 
liable on the bonds, let us know it; and if lia- 
ble, pay over this two per cont. without further 
controversy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to 
refer this bill to the Comunit,tce on the Judiciary, 
with the instructirn•is proposed by him. 
The motion was to. 
Mr. FITCH subsequently said: unan- 
imous consent to so amend my instructions as to 
permit the Judiciary Committee to either amend 
this bill, or to report, a new' one, requiring the Sec- 
retary Of the Interior to makc the setllcmcnt Wilh 
Indiana. With sach discretion, the committcc's 
report will 
not interfere with any just rights of 
Illinois. 
No objection. 
The PRESIDING OF'FICER. If bc no 
objection, the Ü10dification by the Sen- 
ator from Indiana wilt be mad('. 
'l'he Chair hears 
no objection. 
MESSAGE FROM 
A tnessage from the I-louse of Representatives, 
hy Mr. T"QRNEY, its Clerk, 
an noo nced that the 
House had passed the follov;ing bills of the Sen- 
ate: 
A bill (NB. 111) for the A. H. Palmer; 
and 
A bill (No. 531) to change the name of thc 
scl'looner Augusta to Colonel Cook, 
'Dhe rnessage further announced that the H()usc 
without hearing from me. 
I move that the mes- 
sage of the President be postponed until Thurs- 
day next at one o'clock, and made the speciat 
order for that time. 
Several SENATORS. Say Wednesday. 
Mr. WILSON. 
be taken up with counting the votes for President 
and Vice President; and to-day and to-morrow 
can be devoted to t.he consideration of these meas- 
urcs—practical and important measures. On 
Tl'ltu•sday, I should like to have the floor for the 
purpose of sayino• a word on the subject of the 
is on the nu')lion ()t• the Senator from Nlassachu- 
setts to the luessaa•e of the, President, 
and make il the special ordcr for Tl'hursday next 
at one o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 desire now to call up the defi- 
ciency bill. On Saturday last I Inade a report I 
from the committee of conference, which was un- 
able to ao•ree with tho corn mit,tee; and I 
moved that the Senate farther insist. on its amend- 
monts, and n.sk for 
anoth er conferenco 
It was 
then objected to by the Seriator frona New Hat-np- 
shire, f.l\'lr. HALE;] but I believe he withdraws 
his objection, and I presurne there will be no ob- 
jcction to thc motion now. 
'I'hc motion was agreed to. So it was 
Resolved, 'I'hat tbc Senate further insist upon its disa- 
greetnent the atnendtnents ot• of *leprescnta- 
tiveg to the tunendlnents of the Scnate to f.hc hill H. R. No. 
and upon its antendment.s to the said bill disagreed to 
by the I [ousc ; and that the Senate ask a fu tther conference 
on the disagrreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
on of Mr. GWIN, it was 
Ord eyed 
'that the ittcc ot- confin•ence on the part 
of' the Senate he appointed by the Viec Prcsi(lent. 
N/lr. PEARCE, Mr. BIGLER,and Mr. CLARK, were 
appointed. 
A message was afterwards received from thc 
House of Representatives, announcing that the 
House further insisted upon its amendments to 
certain tunpndments of the Senate to the bill (I-I. 
has passed the following bills; in which the con- 
ourrencc of the Senate was requested : 
A bill (No. 988) for tho rolicf of Susan Bayard, 
widow of A, W. Bayard, an invalid soldier of the 
war of 1812; and 
A bill (No. 990) for tho relief of the legal rep- 
resentatives of Betsey Nash. 
LEGISLATIVE, ICTC., APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The messagc further announced that the House 
had agreed to some, and disagreed to other, amend- 
ment* of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 892) 
making appropriations for the legislative, execu- 
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for 
the year ending Jurie 30, 1862. 
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC DILL. 
T hc mcssaze further an nounced that the House 
had agreed to tE'tc first, second, third, fourth, fifth, 
and sixth amendi\lents of the Senate to the, bill 
R. No. BG6) to supply deficiencies in the appro- 
priations for the service of the fiscal year endino• 
the 30th of June, 1861, disagreed to by the Sen- 
ate, and upon its disagreement to certain other 
arnendments of the Senate to t. he said bill, insisted 
ii on by thc Senate, and agreed to the further con- 
ference asked by the Senate upon tl'iC disagreeinff 
votes of the two Houses thereon, and appointed 
Mr. DANIEL E. SICKLES of New Y ark, Mr. J.. 
H. CAMPBELL of Pennsylvania, and Mr. CYRUS i 
I ALDRICH of Niinncsota, manaffers at the same on 
the •part of the House. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
committee was to strike outfrom lines seventy-five 
to seventy-eight inclusive, in the following words: 
For the purchase of the right to use in the United States 
Navy, on steamships and propellers, a governor to a marine 
stea:n-engino, provided the Sécretaryot•the Navy may deem 
it expedient, $25,000." 
And to insert in lieu thereof: 
For the purchase of the right to use in the United States 
Navy, on steamships and propellers, in navy-yards, or oth- 
erwise, whenever the Government of the United States 
rnay choose to use the sazne, Sargeant's steam-engine gov- 
ernor, $15,000 : Protided, The Secretary of the Navy shall 
consider it expedient. 
Mr. HALE. Before •the vote is taken on that 
amendment, I desire to say that the subject was 
considered in the Committee on Naval Affairs, 
and they recommend the Senate to make the ap- 
propriation $10,000, instead of $15,000. I move to 
amend the amend unentby striking out $15,000," 
and insertino• $10,000." 
Mr. PEARCE. no objection to that. 
It is a matter of opinion as to what it is worth. 
The Committee on Finance have reduced the 
amount from #25,000 to $15,000, and if the Com- 
mittec Oh Naval Affairs recommend a reduction 
of that to have no objection. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to inquire 
of the Senator from New Hampshire, whether the 
Committee on Naval Affairs have irwestigated the 
subject and satisfied themselves that that sum 
would be sumcient. 
If so, of course wo shall be 
glad to havb it stricken down. 
Mr. HALE. I wish to say that this Inatter 
was considered in the Committee on Naval Af- 
fairs, and it was with very great reluctance that 
the committee agreed to the amendment at all; 
because it was thought to be a departure from the 
common principle that has been adopted against 
inserting anybody's name in a proposition. But 
they concluded to leave Mr. Sargeant's name in, 
upon the ground that he was a meritorious young 
man, and had devoted a good deal of time to this 
invention; and was more solicitous for its adop- 
lion in thc Navy than tbe sum he should receive. 
The committeewcreperfectly satisfied that $10,000 
would be urn ply sufficient. 
Mr. GRIMES. several of these 
governors. So.fiu• as the experiments have gone, 
this governor of N'lr. Sargcant's is the best, prob- 
ably, for sea-croincr vessels. But it has only been 
tried upon one vesscl belonging to the United 
Stntes, and there is no evidence that it has been 
tried upon any other vessel than upon the Pow- 
hatta n. 
It may be that in a heavy sea wave it 
may not perform as well upon other vessels as it 
did upon that. But the committee thought I'vlr. 
Sargcant could afford to take $10,000 for the ex- 
periment of the invention he has made; and it was 
possiblc that by another year another governor 
would come up that would be still more valuable. 
thought, at any rate, that, the experiments 
had not gone ftctr enough, thus far, to justify us in 
paying exorbitant sum for it; for it has been 
only upon one vessel. 
It is true, it has been tried 
at the nnvv-yard on a stationary encrine; but it 
worked no •better than Silver's governor. 
II has 
been asccrtaincd, however, by the trial on the 
Powhattan, 
that at sea it worked better than Sil- 
ver s any of these other governors. That is 
the, reason that induced the Committee on Naval 
Affairs tn agree to this proposition. 
L•lr. PEARCE. This appropriation was in- 
serted by the I-louse of Representatives. The 
Senatc Committee on Finance have amended it 
by making the phraseology better, so that the 
Government will have the riffht to use this gov- 
ernor, not only on steam vessels belonging to the 
Navy, but also on steam-engines in navy-yards, 
and wheresoever the United States may have oc- 
casioo to use it; so that it covers a larger right 
than was ori2inally provided fop by the bill as it 
came from the, House. A reduction in the amount 
we thoueht was necessary; for the amount in the 
bill origiualiy was entirely too larffe•, but we were 
satisfied from our observation, that this governor 
was a very important improvement in addition to 
the steam-er!ffine. 
I -exarniued it for myself. 
1 
saw the construction of it. 
It is exceedingly 
silnple, and the operation of it instantaneous. The 
The Senate, as in Committee of the •Whole, object of it is "to keep the motion of the engine 
rpsumed the considcration of the bill (H. R. No. eqlnable in a heavy sea wave, and that it does 
914) Inakinsr appropriations for the naval service without any nossibi\ity, apparently, of its getting 
for t.hc year ending the 301h of June, 1862, which 
out of order, failing to perforrn the service. 
had been repeorted from the on Finance The Secretary of the Navy referred to a Navy 
"i'he first zunendlnelkt of the 
Wilh anmcndmc.nt.:;. 
board, in December, 
1858, the exannination (It' 
