1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
843 
three of these governors, which had been urged 
upon the Department. They made their reports; 
and I find in the report made by Chief Engineers 
Hunt, Whipple, and Stewart, that it was tried on 
board the Pocahontas, and operated with great 
precision, and relieved it from all danger of what 
is called racing. By that, engines are frequently 
broken , and then the vessel is left at the mercy of 
the vv•aves. The operation of it is so simple and 
so instantaneous that it seems as if it answered 
the whole purpose desired; and they state: 
An engine supplied with Mr. Sargeant's governor can 
be easily and quickly regulated to any desired speed, by 
simply opening or shutting a small valve which admits 
steam to the oscillating cylinder. For an engine of one 
thousand horse power, a valve not over three quarters of an 
inch or one inch in diameter would be sufficient, and can 
be opened or shut with the thumb and finger as easily as 
Indeed, so sensitive is the instru- 
shutting off a gas-light. 
mcnt that. the rnain engine can be stopped instantly by clos- 
ing this small valve." 
Besides trying it on the Pocahontas, the re- 
port states: 
It was tried on the saw-mill engine, where we had the 
chance of suddenly throwing on and off the load of two saw 
gates; and so quick was the governor in its operation, that 
ihcrc was no perceptible chock or increase in the speed of 
the engine, which is a condition we have never been able 
to obtain flom the best ball-governor ever used in this 
They give their opinion that it is the best of all 
that has been submitted to encrincers for examina- 
tion. . We thought, under these circumstances, 
it xvvas well enough to make the appropriat.ion. 
There are about thirty-seven steam-ewines in the 
Navy, and the cost of the part of the engines which 
is independent of the boilers is nearly two million 
dollars. All this may be saved in a heavy sea 
wave by this governor, for which they ask but 
the very small appropriation often or fifteen thou- 
sand dollars. The comrnittee are somewhat shy 
ment will be so modified, unless objected to. The 
Chair hears no objection. The question is on the 
amendment, as modified. 
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. 
Mr. THOMSON. 1 have some amendments 
which I have been instructed to offex by the Com- 
mittee on Naval Affairs. The first is to insert 
I after line seventy-eight: 
For the purchase of the•right to use in the Navy, if, •in 
the opinion of the Secretary ofthe Navy, it shall be deerned 
expedient, Davidson's boat-foweriog, attaching, and de- 
taching apparatus, a sum not exceeding $15,000. 
This is an apparatus invented bv Lieutenant 
Hunter Davidson, of the United Staies Navy, for 
the purpose of lowering, detaching, and attaching 
ships' boats at sea. It appears from the report, 
which was made,in the House of Representatives, 
and from the papers which are before me, that the 
Secretary of the Navy directed the trial to be 
made at sea by vessels of theefiiciency of this ap- 
I find here a report made by the Com- 
paratus. 
mander of the United States practice-ship Preble, 
in which hc says: 
'I'he cry of man ovcrboard P was oncc given when the 
ship was going at the rate of eight knots; tl')e. life buoy was 
the ship brought to the buoy 
let go ; the boat lowered ; 
picked up; the boat aiöngside again and hoisted up into 
her place; thc ship 'filled away' aud 'standing on her 
course,' under all sail, in seven luinutes and twenty sec- 
conds fi•oun the tinne of the first alann. 
For the ease and safety, and verv areat expedition with 
which these operations have been pe}formed, we are greatly 
indebted to the admirable boat-lowering, detaching, and 
attaching apparatus, invented by Lieutenant [-luuter Da- 
THOMAS T. CRAVEN, 
vidson. 
Commander United Stat.cs Nat:y." 
Here is a certificate of the same kind from 
George S. Blake, superintendent of the Annapolis 
academy, and here details Qf the trial of 
Davidson's boat apparatus on board the practice- 
ship Preble, as graphically noted by the execu- 
of adopting these propositions generally, but this l! 
seemed to be so strongly fortified, and so well \ I tive officer of the ship: 
Details of the triat of Davidson's Boat Apparatus, on board 
recommended, that they agt•ccd to report it. 
United States Practice-Ship. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. 
Man *overboard Ship goincr eight knot* • 
in the chair.) The quest.ion is on the amendment 
offered hy the Senator from New Hampshire, to 
the amendment of the Committee on Finance. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted . 
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi- 
nance, was to insert after the appropriation for 
repairs in the -Washington navy-yard, the fol- 
lowing: 
For wall on wost side of yard, five hundred and forty feet 
long, $13,488. 
Mr. PEARCE. will merely state that we 
have reduced almost all the appropriations for 
navy-yards very largely. This was omitted in 
the House; but, upon examination of the supple- 
men tal estimates ofthc Bureau of Yards and Docks, 
we find that there is a portion of the navy-yard at 
this city which is not properly inclosed, which is 
merely inclosed by a fence; and that very many 
depredations are committed on the property of the 
United States in the yard in conscqucnce of its 
exposed condition. TV e thought it, therefore, ad- 
visable to add this small appropriation, which will 
complete the wall, and be a defense against these 
inroads. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi- 
nance was to add, at the end of the first section, 
the following: 
For reducing and preparing for printincr and engraving, 
Cut away tlic life buov 
sea rough. 
•.l)etached boat in '25'!. 
Boat along side buoy in 1" 45". 
Back to ship with buoy in 5B. 
Attached and hoisted up in 61. 
Filled away, and sail set in 7 20". 
Ali from the instant. of the first alarm. 
E. SIMPSON, 
Pirst Lieutenant and Ecccuti•ve Odicer. 
I think, Mr. President, it is manifest, from what 
I havc read, that this is an invention of very great 
importance indeed, on board our ships-of-war and 
on board our mercantile rnarine. By it, undoubt- 
edly, Inany valuable lives will be saved. It is 
marvel, that when a ship is going nt the rate of 
eicrht knots an hour, ill seven minutes and twenty 
alarrn beino• 
I seconds frotn the moment of an 
given, the boat can be lowered down to pick up a 
man who is overboard, and he be brought back , 
and thc vessel under way again. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think, from the state-d 
ment, that this is a very valuable Inattcr; but I 
should like to make an inquiry in regard to the 
Is it not rather large ? 
price. 
Mr. THOMSON. I will say, in rcsponsc to 
the SermLor frcnn Maine, that it vv•as at first esti- 
mated at double the price; but in the report which 
was made in the House of Represcntatives—a 
very elaborate one—they conclußed to fix the price 
at. $15,000. 
Mr. HALE. It is' left discretionary with the 
Secretary. 
In regard to thi% I .wil-l„state. thot: before -the-in- 
vention of Lieutenant Brooke, we had no means 
of ascertaining, with any kind of accuracy, -the 
deep sea soundings of the ocean. By it -the bot- 
tom of the ocean has been complétely mapped out, 
and we have saved for our mercantile marine, by 
Lieutenant Brooke's •apparatus, and by his ob- 
servations in detecting and exposing a great many 
errors on charts, from supposed shoals and banks 
which interfered very n-wch indeed: with the nav- 
igation of our vessels. It has also been a mutter 
of very just pride to the country. It has been 
adopted, with very slight changes, by all the. Eu- 
ropean Governments; and in a report which I.have 
in my hand now, made on the deep-sea soundings 
of the North Atlantic ocean, between Ireland and 
Newfoundland, by her Majesty's ship Cyclops, 
Lieu tenant Commander Joseph Daymao , he says : 
In the choice of the means and appliances for obtaining 
the deep soundings, I wras left in a great measure free by 
the hydrographer, and r claim no originality in the process 
adopted, the detached sounding apparatus whiC11 was used 
being a modification of that invented by Mr. Brooke, ag, 
oflicer in the United States Navy." 
I will take occasion, also, to say that the Gov- 
ernment havc had the use of this for a number of 
years without paying anything whatevOr to Lieu- 
tenantBrooke for it; and when Lieutenant Brooke 
returned, after a very long cruise, and made appli- 
cation at the Patent Office for a patent, he was 
informed by the Commissioner that, having given 
the use of It to others, he was no longer entitled 
to a pa tent. We have used his invention without 
compensation, and prevented him from getting a 
It is simply proposed to give him $5,000. 
patent. 
r I'hc amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. THOMSON. 1 have another amendment 
which wilk come in immediately after the amend- 
ment which has just been adopted. It is: 
For the balance of. the expenses of the survey of thc fsth- 
mus of Chiriqui-, $1,637 81. 
By a cornmunication from the Navy Depart- 
ment, addressed to the Committee on Naval Af- 
fairs, dated February 4, it appears that there was 
a deficiency in the appropriation made last 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not think there will 
be any objeétion to that. No objection. ] 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. THOMSON. I have another amendment, 
to come in after linc two hundred and thirty-nine, 
on pagrc 11: 
For completing the publication of the charts of tlié er- 
ploration of the North Pacific and China seas and Behring 
This is recommended by the Secretary of the 
Navy, for completing the charts of the surveys 
made by Lieutenant Rodgers. He is engaged on 
them now; and this will complete them. 
United States Navy, copies of the charts of an surveys and Mr. 'THOMSON. The apparatus is so simple 
that it can be manufactured at any of our work- 
reeonnoissances made by him while in command of the 
North Pacilic surveying expedition, and oftne Coral treh- 
shops at very little cost. 
the thereto, with Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes that $15,000 
directions, reports, hydrographic and other results, and ob- 
is a large sum for us to pay for this. Tl)is iS a 
servations explanatory of the voyage, calculated to lessen 
. boat-lowerincr apparatus, which is said to be very 
the dangers arid Facilitate intercourse 'vvitli the eastern seas, 
simple. To be sure, it is useful for the Navy 
China, and Japan, in accordance with the estimat.es of C 
Department; but if it be indorsed here, the samc 
tain Ringgold, $7,700 : Provided, T bat no publication shall 
be Inade under and by virtue hereof, except the same bethe 
result of actual surveys, reconnoissanccs, and observations argument applies to it as to the governor which wc 
passed before; and, of course, if thus valuable, 
madc by Captain Ringgold, or under his personal direction 
its practical use and most extensive use will be in 
and supervision. 
I the mercantile marme. think $10,000 would be I 
lh,/lr. PEARCE. There were a few words which 
were designed to be put in the amendment which enough for the Government to pay, and I move 
have been accidentally omitted. In line two hun- to amend the amendment by striking it down to 
dred and twenty-seven, after the word " Navy," 
$10,000. 
there should be inserted the words 'c sulfect to The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
the control of thc Secretary of the Navy.' 'That to; and the amendment, as amended, wasadoptcd. 
is obviously proper, because otherwise the offcer I Mr. 'I'HOIMSON. I have another amendment, 
r l*he an-lendment was affreed to. 
Mr. THOMSON. The next is to 
insert, as new sections: 
Jnd be it further enacted, 'l'hat the President of the Uni- 
ted States is hereby authorized to place on a retired list any 
medical omcer of the Navy who is now; or may hereafter 
be, proved to be. permanently incapable, from physiéal or 
Inental infirmity, of further serviec at sea, and that the pay 
of oficers so retired shall be the leave-of-absence pay of 
their respective grades as it existed prior to the passage of 
the act of Congress to regulate the pay of the Navy, ap- 
proved June I, 1860. 
.Hnd be i.t.j:urth.er enacted, That all vacancies in the med- 
ical corps of the Navy, caused by the foregoing section, 
shah DC filred in accordance with established usage : Pro- 
vided, That the number of nTedieal officers on the active list 
shalt not exceed the number authorized by existing laws. 
In reference to this amendment I will state that, 
unfortunately, there are a number of gentlemen, 
surgeons in the Navy, who are, somc of them, 
in a very unhappy condition of mental derange- 
ment; some in hospitals, and others that are en- 
tirely incapacitated for any kind of active duty. 
In the neican while wc are greatly in want of med- 
icnl officers, as the Secretary of the Navy has in- 
formed us in every report he has ever made; and 
if it be desired, I will read the letter addressed to 
0b, no ! " " No objection ! "] 
the committee. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
THOMSON. I have one more amendment 
to propose, and then i shall be done: 
For repairs of the marine barracks at Charlestown, Mas- 
saehusetts, $19,456. 
By direction of the Secretary of the Navy, a 
survey was made, and a very elaborate report, 
which I have, in my hand, presented; and it ap- 
to come in immediately after thau 
in charge would have the whole control and di- 
For the purcha•e, of the right to use by the United States pears that the barracks there are in a most dilap- 
idated condition. The estimate for their repairs 
rection of the work himself. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- Brooke's deep sea sounding apparatus, $5,000. 
