846 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
paratively no vessels that are steam-vessels by 
the side of other nations, nor do the steam-vessels 
that weown any just cqmparison to our sail- 
ing vess . N. A great many of our sailing vessels 
are utter y worthless, and vvill never go to sea 
again, and we must supply their places with some- 
thing. We must keep vessels afloat, in order to 
show our flag in foreign countries and to protect 
our- cornmerce in foreion seas; and the question 
is, what kind of Nessels shall wc have? 
We cannot be influenced in our action here, 
and we ought not to abandon the Navy, because 
there happens to be dissatisfaction growing out of 
the slavery question, or out of the tariff question, 
I think Ne 
or out of. any other local question. 
ought to go on in our legislation exactly as though 
we were at peace with ail the world ; not will) the 
view to coerce any portion of the country, but to 
maintain the honor of our flag in foreign seas. 
I think any one who will examinc the subject, 
or any professional naval man, will see that th is 
wouldäeally be an economical measure. To take 
the case I have already put, in answer to the Sen- 
ator from Virginia, we have in the Mediterra- 
nean two sloops-of-war of the first class, and one 
gun-boat, such as we propose to build. 
Those 
two sloops-of-war cost us, to man and equip and 
provision them for twelve months, $604,000. 
Three gun-boats of the size which we propose to 
build, with one of these sloops, would be pre- 
cisely as emcient as the two large sloops-of-war 
are now, You substitute, therefore, two gun-boats 
in- the place of one o? these sloops, and you save 
$302,000 a year to your Treasury, It seems to 
me this is an argument. that ought to commend 
uself to the Senator from Virginia and to the Sen- 
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. POLK. I have no doubt, myself, of the 
correctness of the position taken by the Senator 
from Iowa, that the proportion of stnall vessels to 
It 
large ones in the Navy ought to be increased. 
would be better if we had morc small ones and 
fewer largc ones; but that does not reach the point 
of difhcukty in tny mind. It is this: w hother, 
incr the large ones on hand, we ought to go to 
If it were a 
work now to add the small ones. 
question o? exchange; if we could exchange the 
large ones for a greater number of small ones, I 
should think it good policy todo it; but the ques- 
tion is whether, as we have not thc small ones, 
we ought now, in the condition of thc r liret.tsl.u•y, 
to go to work to build Lhen-t, when we have not 
the money to build then-i Willi. 
There iS one thing which strikes mc as very 
singular in connection with this arnendmcnt.: the. 
Senator from New I-lampshire reads a recom- 
mendation from the Secretary of the Navy in favor 
of a gradual increase of this kind of vessels in the 
If seven at a dash, at one session, 
naval servie,c. 
is gradual, in the present condition o? thegountry, 
i hardly know what would be rapid increase. 
Mr. V'ESSENDEN. They ten 
last year. 
eron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes- 
senden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harlan. Johnson of 'I'ennes- 
sec, Kennedy, King, Latham, Morrill, Sebastian, Seward, 
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, 'l'homson, Trumbulk, Wade, 
Wilkinson and Wilson—30. 
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bragg, Bright, Clingman, Crit- 
tenden•, Fitch, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Lane, Mason 
Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury an 
Wigfall—18 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GRIMES, am instructed by the Com- 
mittee on Naval Affairs to propose the following 
amendment as an additional section : 
und- bc it.further enacted, That the President of the Uni- 
tcd States•shall, by and with the advice and consent of the 
Senate, appoint from the line of the Navy on the active 
list, an assistant secretary of ,the navy, whose salary shall 
be that of the shore-duty pay o? a captain, and who, acting 
under thc authority and directiou of' the Secretary of the 
Navy, shall bc charged with the discipline and efficiency 
of the naval service, with the detailing of omeers, and 
such other duties in rclation to the administration of' its 
affairs as the Secretary of the Navy may designate. 
Mr. President, the design of the committee was 
to create a nev.,r offcer, who should hold precisely 
the same relations to the Secretary of the Navy 
that the prescnt Assistant Secretary of the Treas- 
ury, and thc Assistant Secretary of State hold to 
the chiefs of those two Departments; that tl-fis 
man should be professional man, not taken fram 
political life, or civil life, but taken from the line 
ot his profession; and thereforc supposed to bc 
familiar with the details of that profössion. The 
friends of the Navy have always deplored the 
present organization, and believed that it was ne- 
cessary and very important to that branch of the 
service that somebody should be in confidential 
relations with the head ot the Department who 
knew somewhat more ofthc details of the Depart- 
ment, and of the personnel of the service, than an 
ordinary Secretary of the Navy usually does; and 
hence, tn order 10 obviate that objection, which 
has always existed, it is now proposed that •an 
officer of the line shall be constituted the Assist- 
•ant Secretary of' the Navy, and perform the duties 
that are assigned to him in that amendment. 
Mr. SAULSBURY 1 would like to the 
Senator from Iowa a question: whether there has 
been any suggestion from the Secretary of the 
Navy or the Department that such ari office is 
necessary, or whether such an officer would be 
proper ? 
Mr. GRIMES. I am not aware that any sug- 
gcstion has been made ['rom the Secretary of the 
Navy. I have had no commullication with him, 
and not acquainted with him; but such a sug- 
gestion has been made by every Ilian who has 
naval affairs for the last 
been connected with 
twenty years. Such u proposition, or something 
similar to it, was submitted by Commodore Stock- 
ton when a member of the Senate from New Jer- 
sey; and it has bcel) before the Senate in various 
I shapes, either as Assistant Secretary of the Navy, 
or as head of bureau of personnel, from that time 
I think those who are familiar 
until the present. 
with this branch of tbc public service are almost, 
if not quite, unanimous in the opinion that such 
Mr. POLK. T hat would not be rapid, iC so ven 
provision is essential to the good of tho service. 
is gradual. But it seerns to me, Mr. President, 
I Mr. FESSENDEN. I an') very apt to agree 
that any increase of any sacli amount as this 
Mr. GRIMES. I Will tell you what would bc with no y friend from rowa in most of his notions, 
at this especially about naval matters; because I think, 
rapid. The Frenc,ll Go vernrnent have, 
his attention bcil)g drawn to that subject, he is 
time, ordered nine sloops-of-war ot-• the large, class 
and onc hundred small ones, all to be cased in rnore capable of jt.ld(rino• of. thc propriety of the 
bat, sir, I iZ.iel exceedingly 
measures that) I an) ; 
iron and steel, and all of which arc to be in sail- 
ing by the 1st of May. That would bc a averse to this proposition. I do not know whether 
anybody elsc entertains the sarne opinions that I 
ra increase. 
POLK. That to be built? 
do in relation to it; but I arn unwilling to see 
I think the 
everything placed under discipline, 
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, Sit. 
Mr. POLK, I hope the time will never c,cnne Inilitary and naval arm have got power and influ- 
when we shall measure our speed with the speed onco enor.lgh in the Government now, and that it 
of the French Emperor, if he goes at that rate; is hardly worth while to mix them up any more 
If we have anything to be 
because it would certainly exhaust resources Wilh the civil service. 
But the dolle in relation to a building anywhere, 
no mat- 
of this country in less thran one year. 
difficulty is, we have not got the rnoney in the ter what, it goes under the control of an Army of- 
ficer. The next step will be, I suppose, to put 
'Ehe ques- 
Treasury; and how are we to get it? 
an Army officer in as Secretary or chief clerk in 
tion now is, whether we shall commence with an 
appropriation of when it is admitted the W tu• Department; and, in this mode of pro- 
that that will not be anything like enough to build cecding, very soon we shali have hardly anybody 
these vessels, and that with the Treasury empty, in office except he be either a military or a naval 
man. I have no belief that. we should qni?t, 
and worse than empty. It does seem to me that 
the measure is very injudicious and inexpedient any rnore in the Navy by putting the Navy De- 
you 
I part.pnent under the control of an offcer. 
just at. this mornont. 
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays have the chief clerk there; if he fills this position 
under the Secretary of the Navy, everythine• that 
on the amendment. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being is done with reference to the assiffnments of com- 
mands, &c., will be understood to be by his ad- 
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 18; as follows : 
think tho appointment of a naval Qiiicer 
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Baker, Bigler, Bingham, Cam- . 
to this position will create difficulties, heart-burn- 
ings, jealousies, and troubles of all sorts in the 
service, which you wish to avoid, I have very 
great confidence in the honor of oflicers both of 
the Army and Navy, and I have no doubt they 
would discharge the duties of the offce that is pro- 
posed very well, to the best of' their ability; but 
my own belief is, that you had better keep the 
two branches of the service distinct, leave the De- 
partment itself under the control of civilians, and 
let the officers in the line of the service have noth- 
ing more to do with it than may arise from the fact 
that their advice unquestionably will be asked on 
different occasions by those who are at the head 
of the Department. My own impression is, that 
you will create diffculty where none exists now, 
and that we ought to discourage this continual 
creeping upon us of influence connected with the. 
military and naval service, large enough as it is 
at present; and I am opposed to its increase. 
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator from Maine 
is unnecessarily jealous in regard to this matter. 
J. sympathize eniirely all that he says about 
devolving everything on Army oflicers; but it is 
a notorious fact that the Secretary of the Navy, 
ordinarily speaking, is not much of a sailor. 
recollect seeirp an anecdote—a great while ago, of 
course—that sotne Secretary of the Navy, visit- 
ing some of the navy-yards, inquired very earn- 
est!y where the oakum grew that they were. using, 
[laughter;] and as long as you have such gentle- 
men at the head of the Department, who do not 
know where oakum grows, it is well enouoh to 
have a practical offcer upon whom they can rely; 
and I would rather have a responsible naval ofli- 
cer than have an irresponsible chief clerk. There 
has been good deat of faulb found with that sort 
(Mnfluence which has prevailed on account of 
the duties devolved on the chief clerk, upon whom 
the Secretary must neceesarily rely, unless he has 
between him, and the Department somebody who 
is intimately acquainted with the service. This 
does not increase the expense, because it requires 
the officer to be taken from the line, and to receive 
If a captain is taken, 
the shore pay of a captain. 
therefore, there is not a single additional dollar of 
expense. 
The Navy stands in a different position in this 
respect than the Arny does, l)ecause the Secre- 
tar y of War has in the adjutant general an offi- 
cer that may give him all the information requisite 
in regard to everything that relates to the admin- 
istration of that Department in tho selection of 
I officers, and the assignment of their duties. 
thc Navy, there is nothing 'of that sort; but the 
Secretary has to rely on the chief clerk, who 
has had no naval education any more than him- 
self, and necessarily it is lial)le to great abuse. 
This amendrnent of lhc committee proposes to 
take and put in that place, without any additional 
cxpcnsc, un offccr who has been trained and ed- 
ucatcd in the Navy, who knows the character of 
the officers; who knows the requirements of the 
service; and it gives to the Secretary of the Navy 
a responsible officer placed there by law, upon 
whose judgment and skill and acquirements he 
car) rely; arid I think it is not liable to the excep- 
tian that the honorable Senator from Maine ur«res 
arrainst it. 
i CAMERON. It me, Mr. Pres- 
, ident, that the argument of the Senator frorn New 
would bc a very good one in favor of 
making the Secretary of the Navy always a naval 
I can see nothing else ill it. Now, Sir, 
officer. 
there are in t.he Navy Department two or three 
old naval officers, old captains, who are the heads 
of bureaus, and to whom the Secretary can apply 
every day, at any hour, or any minute, for inform- 
, ation; and if he be a man of ordinary sense he 
will go there and ask for information. As to sav- 
ing that he may be controlled by his clerk, that-is 
I ali A man of sense would select a proper 
clerk, and if the clerk did not behave properly nd 
do his duty rightly, he would turn him out and 
I think this is a wrong time 
get somebody else. 
to make this sort of alteration. The country is 
now in trouble. do not know what is to hap- 
I pen. 
I would rather let everything be at present, 
until we get through all our difficulties. 
decidedly opposed to selecting' ft:om the Navy 
anybody who is to be an irresponsible head of the 
Navy Department; for after all it is puuing an 
irresponsible person in this position—it. is making 
a head of the Department without any responsi- 
