848 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11. 
ability; if' the President chooses to select such a 
person. -He may a chicf clerk undcr him 
'Who iS able to aid him. • He häs four heads of 
-bureaus about him: who can advise him at -any 
-Yhoment. In addition to -this, he may have the 
advice of any omcer of the Navy, if he chooses to 
ask for •it. Now,' it is proposed, instead of that, 
iVith reference to the discipline, with reference to 
the assignment of command, with referenceto all 
that whiéh ereatés feeling and in 
the Navy, to captain; and put him there 
todirect the whole thing. He will be héld respons- 
iblé for it; and it Will -lead to innumerable-quarrels 
and dim-cult-ies. No •man who valucd his peace 
would'take the head Of that Department with such 
an Offeer about him. He would *ather take the 
xeÅp6néibility himself. Therefore, tho whole ar- 
gument'addresses itself to my mind with no force 
whätéver. I maybe wronæ about it; but it appears 
to -me to be the very worst thing for the service 
itself that we could possibly do; aud I sincerely 
hope that the amendment which is proposed will 
not be adopted. We may as well carry it into the 
A rmy— 
Mr. GRIMES. we do. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whom do we have in the 
Depart.ment of War occupying the same position ? 
Mr. GRIMES. The Adjutant General. 
He is not 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. 
connected with the Department in that shape. 
Mr. GRIMES. Yes he is. Heissues the orders; 
-he-assions every man to his duty. 
•Mr. frESSENDEN. Oh! do you propose to 
a new bureau ? 
Mt. GRIM ES. That is the duty imposed. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then propose it in that 
shape; but hore you propose to put him directly 
into the Depnrtnnent to manage its affairs. If you 
want to make anot.hcr bureau, bring it up in that 
but not in the shape 
shape and we will discuss it; 
in which it is now proposed. I hope the I)epart- 
ment may continue as it is at present, go far as 
I do not 
this matter is concerned , 
Rt any rate. 
care about it, one way 01' the other, except as I 
believe it will be highly injurious and produce . 
difficulties alt nround*. 
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine. savs 
that this proposition is predicated upon t.he iden 
that we are going to have Secretary of the Navy 
who is incompetent to discharge duties. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. we always have. 
Mr. GRIMES. He might just as well say that 
the -law which requircs that thm•e shall be two 
post captainult-the head of two bureaus 
IS predicated on the same state of things; for you I 
have on your n law which requires 
that two post captains shall be at the hoad of two 
-particular bure•a.us.' He might, with the saine 
réason, apply his tu•gtunpnt to that, law, as to the 
[ have no doubt the Senator 
one now liroposetl. 
is correct, in saving that there are all sorts of rival- 
ries and cliques; and there will always be so long 
as Senators shall listen to the ad vice of 01(.1 water- 
logcred captains who lie around the ( t.ol. We 
in this case, to have official ofliccr cou- I 
nected with tho Secretary of the Navy, 'Who shap 
stand exactly in thc s•mne relation to hirn that the 
Assistant Secretary of t.he Trcasury occupies to 
the of the rrreasury. MT as the suppo- 
sition a legitimate one, when that law was pro- 
, that the Secretary of the rrrcasury would 
not be co:npetoul. to discharge the duties of bis t 
office? Was thc supposition a legitimate onc•, 
that, t.be Secretary of State would not be compo- I 
tent to discharge tl'1(B dut.ies of his office, when 
you enacted that tile President should have. the 
power to select an Assistant Secretarv of State ? 
if that was not a sup[iosition, tbcn I 
should like to knosv by what it is that 
lecting an ASsistaht Secretary of' State, are you 
bound to take himTrom tiny special class of men; 
or, when you select' an Assistant Secretary of the 
Treasury, are you bound to take him from among 
the collectoi•s or any other class? You take him 
where you can find him; you take a competent 
•man. 
Mr. GRIMES. I was going on to say that it 
is true we have two very worthy naval gentlemen 
at th'e head Of bureaus of the Navy Department. 
Their particülar specialties are: one, that of ord- 
nance, and the Other that of docks and yards: If 
the Secretary of the Navy wants any information 
in regard to ordnance matters, of course he ap- 
peals to the gentleman who is at the head of that 
bureau. He has devoted himself for years, prob- 
ably, to that particular question, and is able to 
give specific and correct information upon that 
subject. So, too, when he wants information in 
regard to any particular dock or navy-yard; he 
appeals to the chief of that bureau, and there he 
Bat suppose the Senator from Maine 
obtains it. 
should be appointed Secretary of tho Navy under 
the incoming Administration—a place which I 
should like to see him hold, and I have no doubt 
would make an admirable Secretary of the 
Navy—and suppose, the first day after he entered 
on the discharge of that duty, he should be re- 
quired to fit out a ship to go to the Pacific ocean; 
he has to assign offcers to that command: to 
whom is he going to apply? Who is (roing to 
enlighten him as to the capabilities of particular 
officers to discharge the duties that may be as- 
signed to them? Who is going to tell him whether 
is the 
this man or that man is a competent man— 
riRht man for the right place? He. has nobody. 
Me appeals to the heads of these bureaus. One 
of them can tell him about docks; another can tell 
him about guns; another can tell him about pro- 
visions and clothing; another can tell him about 
medical stores; but none can tell him anything in 
reoard to the personnel of the service—what may 
be the capacities of au y particular ofliccr to dis- 
charge a particular duty. Now, we proposc to 
place there son')e man who is familiar With the 
service, who is familiar with the rnen in the sor- 
vice; and tl•uat. is the reason why we choose to take 
a man the line of the Navy, a man who is 
familiar m,vith the duty that any particular officer 
may be called upon to perform, who is supposed 
to know the character of these officers, and know 
what duties they tute particularly adapted to; and 
he is the *Ylan to wh01n the Secretary of the Navy 
I have no Y'articular interest about 
can appeal. 
this Inatt.er; I an) on) y actino• upon the 
superintendent of the riaval astronomical expedition to 
entitled "An act making appropriations for the ycar ending 
the 30th of June, 18.52," from the 17th of September, 1855, 
and that the amount necessary to pay the same be, and is 
-hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not 
otherwise appropriated. 
The amendmént was agreed to. 
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am authorized by the com- 
mittee on Naval Affairs to submit the following 
amendment, to come in at the end of the first 
section : 
For the completion of the charts of the survey of the La 
Plate, $6,000. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to know 
what that is? 
Mr. GRIMES. It isan appropriation of $6,000 
for the completion of the charts of the La Plata 
river, the survey of which was made by Com- 
mander Page, of the Navy. The charts have been 
partially completed. At various times, $15,000 
have been appropriated. This will complete the 
chart as far as the La Plata and all its tributaries 
have been surveyed. It is deemed to be necessary 
and very important to the commerce of the coun- 
try, which is being very much extended in that 
direction, that these charts should be completed. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. GRIMES. I have anotheramendmentfrom 
the Committee on Naval Affairs, to insert several 
additional sections, which I ask the Secretary to 
read. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
and be it further enacted, That the grade of assistant pay- 
master in the Navy of the United Ståtes be, and is hereby, 
established ; and that froin and after the passage of this 
act, the President of the United States, by find with the 
advice and consent of the Senate, may appoint twenty-one 
assistant paymasters from time to time, as they shall be 
needed for active service in the Navy : Provided, not 
morc than five assistant paylnasters shall be appointed in 
any period of six months, except to provide for va- 
cancies in the corps of paymasters, as hereinafter men- 
tioned : .Hnd provided, further, That no person shall be ap- 
pointed an assistant paymaster in the Navy except. graduates 
of the Naval Acaden)Y, if any such graduates shall, at the 
tinie of such appointinent, bC appHcants therefor, and shall 
in other respects comply with the requirernents of the act. 
And that whenever a vaeancy shall occur in the grade of 
payrnast.cr in toc IVavy, an additional assistant paymaster 
shall bc appointed, until the nnrnber of payanasters shall be 
reduced to fifty; after which thc nutnbers, respectively, 
lions that havc been made to the Senate for a se- 
pies of' years, and I believe have been concurred 
in by rnos•tof the active officers of tl-lC service. 
Mr. PEARCE. The argument of the Senator 
Iowa is an argument for the creation of a 
richw office ill the Navy Depart ment, corresponding 
with that of A(liutantGeneral in the Army. That 
, but that argumelltdocs not suit the present I 
case. EThe present plan is to Inalce an Assistant 
Sec , re ta ry 
shall not exceed fifty paymasters and thirty-five assistant 
payinasters, and all subsequent vacancies sba!l be filled by 
regular proinotions froli'l the grade of' assistant paymasters. 
That every person who shall be appointed assistant pay- 
:nastcr shall, at the time ot- his appoinunenC, be not less 
than twenty-one years of age nor .1nore than twenty-six 
years ; alid that, previous to his appointment, his qualifi- 
cations and fitness [Or the ofiice shall be inquired into and 
iävorably reported upon by a board of payanastv.rs appointed 
fbr that purpose by the Secretary of the Navy, and under 
such regulations as he Inay prescribe. 
and be it further enacted, 'l'hat the annual pay of assist- 
ant pay{nasters shall be as it)ilows : on duty at sea for the 
first five years after date of coinmission, $1,400; after five 
years froin date of commission, $1 ,600; on other duty for 
the first five years after date of commission, $1,100 ; atter 
five years from date of comxnission, $1 300 ; on leave of' 
absence or waiting orders {Or the first five years after date 
of connuission, $800; after five years frotn date of coni- 
rnission, $.1.000. And il is hereby expressly dcelared t.hat 
tho yearly pay provided in this act is all the pay, compen- 
sation, and allowance that shali be received, under any cir- 
M r. GRIMES. I inquirc Of the Senator what ctnnstanccs. by as>istant paymasters, except, one ration 
diflQn•cnce it rnakes as to what we christen him? 
each per day when attached to vessels for sea service, and 
-we assion certain duties to him. You 1718 y call except. also traveling expenses when under orders, for 
which ten cents per mile Shail bc allowed. 
him adju tant general aught. I eave. We pro- 
'L'hat and after tile pas- 
.Ænd bc it j'urt.her enacted, 
to call him Assistant Secretary o? the Navy 
sarre of this aet no commanding oflicer of any vessel in the 
I Nävy shal! tie required to peribrt)l the duties ot• paymaster 
and assie•n cert.ain duties to him to perform. 
Mr. PEARCE. 'l'his is an assit»nment of a or assistant paymaster; nor shall any appointinent of act- 
inw payuuaster or acting assistant payuoaster bc inade, unles 
special dut.y which the Senator has just noxvv mcn- 
vacant by death or otherwise in 
sueh ofiice 
t:oncd, that of advising the Secretary Of the Navy ships at sea, or on toreign stations, or on the Pacific coast 
in the choice of officers to command squadrons. of thc thiited States. in which ease the senior 01hcer pres- 
That corresponds, I think, with the duty which ent tnay make an acting -appointment of any fit to 
belongs to the Adjutant General in the D e _ ; i perforrn the duties 
Inaster shali report {Or duty. Any parson perforniing the 
Hc hits, therefore, o•ivcn us one speci- 
partmeY)t. 
duties of payrnaster or assistant pavtnaster in accordance 
ficat.ion of' vv'hat is wanted in this case—what he 
with this section, but not otherwise, *hall be entitled to 
receive the pay of sueh gradc while acttl'lg. 
but it applies only to the cro- 
the Senator frotn N'laine supposes we are acting professes to N,vant; 
and be it further enacted, "i"hat cach assistant paymaster 
upon the hypothesis that wo are to have, or L hat ation of a different ()flice from that of Assistant 
shall, upon his appoiri tinent, enter in to bonds in t.he axnouut 
we have had 'Secretaries of' the Navy who are Secretary, an ofiice corresponding, whatever the of with at two good and suflicicnt securities 
title mav be, to that of Adjutant General; but this for the faithful perforn•rancc or his duties, and that assist- 
utterly ilicompetent to discharge the duties ? 
It has been said here that there are persons con- proposes t.o put him in office as a second head to antpaynast.ee•s shall have rank and precedence witn assist- 
ant surgeons not passed. 
ncctcd with the Navy Department upon whom the Department; in fåct, to do the work white the 
the Secretary ot• the Navy may call for specific other does 
That, I am inc)incd to think, is pretty much 
informati0i') in regard to the personnel of the Navy. 
'There arc some verv worthy gentlemen the result Q? assistants in the Departments any- 
with in t ho Navy Departmenl. 
Mr. F F-SSENDEN. • MY ill the Senator allow The amendment wag rejected. 
i"vlr. KENNEDY. am instructed by the 
T do not Obiect par- 
me to ask him a question? 
ticularly to the appoinunent of an officer to per- Committee on Naval Affairs to offer the fo\low- 
form this special duty. All I object to is, tl'lat i ing amendnrlent, asan additional section to the bill: 
you designate where he shall come frorn. In sc- I .hnd be it further enacted, 'l'hat the compensation of tho 
Mr. GRIMES. I will very briefly explain the 
proposition that I arn authorized to submit by the 
- Committee on Naval Affairs. There are at this 
i time sixty-four pursers or paymasters in the na- 
val service of the United States, of whom eight 
are entirely unfit. for duty, beincr in varl- 
ous ways, sorne of them insane; leaving, there- 
fore, only fifty-six who are efficient, active rncn, 
capable of performing the duties that are required 
