1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
851 
Mr. COLLAMER. That bill has no warlike 
It is to avoid that. 
purpose whatever. 
It is to 
declare them no longer ports of entry, so that 
ships will not make clearances to them. It will 
prevent the necessity of any military force there. 
Mr. MASON. I have not spoken one word, 
Mr. President, of the reasons that induced the 
honorable Senator to introduce that bill. 
speaking of the fact. The honorable Senator has 
introduced a bill giving authority to the Presi- 
dent, under certain circumstances stated in the bill , 
to discontinue ports of entry. Very well. I speak 
of the fact only. What it. may lead to is anpther 
question. This proposition is to increase the 
naval armament by seven steamers ofsmail draught 
and heavy armament. Now, sir, what is the con- 
dition of the country? I am not going to enter 
into any prospective reasoning as to what may be 
the condition of the country; but what is it? We 
have seven States, all in the South, all lying upon 
the Gulf and its waters, that have abandoned this 
Union by solemn acts, and have announced it, 
with a Congress in session. Six of those States 
whose acts of separation have been completed, 
we are informed have confederated, formed a sep- 
arate government, organized a government, es- 
tablislied a constitution, elected a President, at 
the last accounts, and stand now, as they claim, 
a supreme and independent power among the 
nations o? the earth. 
Is that known here? No; 
it is not known here. There is not a Senator on 
that side of the Chamber that knows it. One hon- 
orable Senator said there were discontented por- 
tions of the country, and that this naval arma- 
ment had no reference to discontents in certain 
parts of the country. Sovereign Slates that have 
confederated, formed a government and a nation- 
ality, and organized it, with a flag and a being, 
are spoken of herc by honorable Senators as dis- 
contents in certain parts of the country ! 
Now, sir, other gentlemen may shut their eyes 
to these facts, if' they think it wise to do so. I 
come from that part of the country; i cannot shut 
my eyes to the existing facts. 
I know that, what- 
ever be the design of the honorable mover ot• 
this proposition, if these steamers are built, thev 
will be part of the. naval armament of this Cori- 
federation, to be used for any military purposes 
that the public exigencies may require; and I 
know that the proposition of the honorablc Sen- 
ator from Vermont will lead to this, whatever he 
intends. Take the Slate ofSouth Carolina, the State 
of Georgia, or the State of Florida. This Gov- 
ernment does not that they are no longer 
ortions of it. They are not informed of that fact, 
ut they do know that. the discontents prevailing 
there have induced all the Federal offcers to re- 
sicyn, and they have nobody there to administer 
tile Federal laws. They know that, and thereforc 
they discontinue the ports of entry. Then a ship 
from abroad, that is destined för the port of 
Charleston or of Savannah, has no right under the 
Federal laws to go either into Charleston or Sa- 
vannah, and it will be the duty of this Govern- 
ment, actino• in the ignorancc which they assume 
of the existence of these facts in the South, to take 
care that no ships do go there, because no ship 
with a foreign cargo has any right to go into any 
of the ports of the United S'ates but a port of 
entry. 
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in- 
dulge me for a moment, the very object of the bill 
Wits, that if they were declared to be no longer 
ports of entry, foreign vessels would take no clear. 
ances for them, and nevcrgo there at all, and there 
would be no occasion for any force about it. 
Mr. MASON. Whether foreign vessels can 
take a clearance for them will depend on whether 
foreign nations havc their eyes open to the state 
of the facts against which our eyes are shut. 
I 
apprehend that foreign nations will give clearances 
for them. 
Mr. COLLAMER. To ports of the United 
States. 
Mr. MASON. They will take a clearance to 
contemplation of the United States, and these very 
ships, as soon as they are ready, x,vill be used for 
the purpose of shutting up those southern ports 
as the port of Boston was shut up under like cir- 
cumstances, by a power abroad, equally oppress- 
ive with this power at I-lome. It is in the con- 
templation of the bill of the honorable Senator, 
whatever he may have designed, to convert these 
southern ports into the condition that Boston 
was when it was closed. Whatever Senators on 
that side may say, our eyes are not shut to the 
fact. 
I cannot, then, vote for this appropriation. If 
the Treasury was full, I should fee.l myself con- 
strained to vote against it, lest a misuse should be 
made of the naval power; but with the Treasury 
in the condition that it is, when this Government 
is a mendicant in the circles of capitalists for 
moncy, and when this Government, like other 
mendicants, is asking its superiors to indorse 
their paper, that they may get the money; and 
when we are asked by those who administer the 
Government to make this extraordinary appro- 
priation under these circumstances, I am bound 
to believe that they want to increase the naval 
force for purposes that are not avowed on the 
face of the proposition. Until the condition of the 
country in its relations North and South are set- 
tled , by no vote of mine shall there be any extraor- 
dinary expenditure of the public money for either 
Army or Navy. 
It is high time, sir, for the Government to take 
into consideration the state of things on out late 
southern borders, and determine. what those rela- 
tions arc. They should meet it like men. Do not 
attempt t.o cover it up and to evade it or disguise 
it; meet it it) f'ull front; 
declare that they are in 
rebellion, and they are to be put down; or declare 
that tl-ney have the right of separation, and are to 
be acknowledged in their separation. Thisismy 
view of that Inatter. Those States being out, hav- 
ing actually confederated, having assumed a na- 
tionality, 1 should consider it was the bounden 
duty of the Government, no matter what question 
separates them—whethcr it be a slave question or 
a question efdomesticeconomy, or anythingclse— 
to acknowledge the separation and to let them go 
in peace; but until those relations arc settled sat- 
isfactorily, until we know whether the arm of this 
Government is to be raised against them, by no 
vote of mine shall there be any additions either 
to the naval or military service of the country. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, 1 have 
becn soznewhat surprised at thc course of remark 
of the honorable Senator frot-n Virginia; not so 
much, howcvcr, as I should bc had I not heard a 
silnilau• course of remark from him on a former 
occasion. Now, sir, 
it is well enough for us to 
understand precisely what the condition of this 
question is, and who is responsible for it; because 
it is rather a singular address to make to this side 
I of the Chamber that, to appeal to us to know 
what is the object of the proposition now before 
the Senate. Who has been in power for thc last 
four years ; I should like to know ? T lie Republican 
party? Who has been administering thc affairs 
of this Government? The Republican party ? The 
Senator will hardly pretend that. Why, then, 
does he appeal to us? Have we brought forward 
this proposition? Does it come from us, that we 
are thus scolded? Why, sir, look back into your 
own records of your own party, coming from 
your own President and your own Senate com- 
mittec, year after year, and you have precisely 
this proposition to build these steamers. We have 
had it every year, for the last four, certainly—a 
proposition to increase your naval force, because 
f an increase of that force was necessary. It came 
from your I) resident; it is the offer of your Ad- 
ministration; it is the recommendation of your 
friends; it is approved by your committee in this 
body, year after year. Why then do you talk to 
us about it? Why not addréss the honorable Sen- 
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. THOMSON?] Why 
not add ress the honorable Sena.tor from Florida, 
appearance in the eyes of the world. That has 
been the reason assigned, and that has been the 
reason urged here, year after year, Vy the repre- 
sentative of the Committee on Naval Affairs, who 
was from one of these very seceding States. 
has been his argument—we having nothing of the 
kind which could be called a naval force in reality; 
and it was recommended by your authority, by 
men whom you placed in offce, and whom , you 
profess to follow, to increase this force from the 
absolute necessity of the case; and now that it 
happens to be brought forward again at this pres- 
ent time, under these circumstances, for the fourth 
time from this same source, the appeal is made to 
us, why is this recommended, and why do we on 
this side of the Chamber support this proposi- 
tion? Why, sir, the thing is remarkable. Has 
the Senator forgotten these facts ? 
Then, sir, I suppose I am bound to look at it 
in another light. 
If these things are so, the argu- 
ment of the Senator is predicated upon the idea 
that something has occurred to render it less ne- 
cessary than it was last year, or the year before, 
or the year before that. He is opposed to it now, 
because it is not necessary, although the Admin- 
istration say so. Why is it less necessary? Be- 
cause six or seven States of this Union have 
chosen to withdraw from it, and not only chosen 
to withdraw from it, but to seize the public prop- 
erty—in substance to declare war against the Uni- 
ted States—to take possession of the public fortifi- 
cations of this country , to seize the custom-houses , 
to seize the mints, to do what, if it took place be- 
tween individuals, ',vould be characterized by any 
name but a respectable one, especially in the case 
of New Orleans; all these things have täken place, 
and do they render the increase of the naval force 
of the United States of America less necessary in 
any point? Is our commerce safer? Is the pub- 
lic property in a better condition? Are we so 
much better off in consequence of having five or 
six Stateswitbdraw, and our fortifications seized, 
our mints seized, our custom-houses seized—are 
we in so much bétter condition, that what was 
needed last yctu• as an increase of the naval force 
is not needed this? Is this the argument of the 
Senator ? 
Why, thc Senator will permit me to ask him, 
respectfully, whom he represents here? Is he a 
Senator of the United States of America, that he 
makes an argument of that character? Does he 
stand up here in his placc and say, I, as a Sen- 
ator of the United Stales, and member of this 
great body, bound to advise for the good of the 
country, the good of the Government, say that, in 
consequence of all that has taken place, the force 
of the Government must be diminished ? ' ' Not- 
withstanding the surveys that have taken place 
within the last year show that a portion of the 
vessels are unfit for service, and therefore you need 
more, yet, in consequence of the fact that we have 
several States of this Confederacy in revolt, if you 
please to call it so—in consequence of the fact that 
they -have seized the public property—in conse- 
quence of the fact that they have avowed through 
their public journals that they will declare war 
against the Unitcd States in a certain contingency; 
therefore, says the Senator, as a Senator of the 
[Mr. MALLORY,] who was so long the chairman 
the port of Charleston or Savannah. The Sen. 
ator says that they are not ports of thie United il of that committee ? 
I United States I ohject even to the force which was 
It strikes me that is a sin- 
necessary last year! 
gular line of argument for a Senator of the United 
States to pursue. 
I confess, Mr. President. that, in the view which 
I take of these matters, the course which has been 
adopted by some gentlemen on the other side of 
the Chamber has seemed to Ille very astonishing. 
With the honorable Senator from Mississippi, 
[Mr. DAvzs,] who left this Chamber somc days 
since, I recognize the fact that, while I am here 
I as a member of the Senate of the United States, I 
I am bound to discharge my duties as a Senator of 
the United States, without reference to what may 
be passing outside of this Chamber. So long as 
I stay here, receiving the money of the Govern- 
ment, and sworn to support the Government,- I 
look out to the best of my ability for the interests 
and the welfare of the Government. 
If I can no 
States; and what follows? Why, the public force 
Has there been any change in the condition of longer do that, I will leave my place here and 
of Lhe United States mustseize the ship that goes 
thc country that should render this increase less i return to my State, and say, I am at its service. 
into the port that is not a port of entry. Now, 
necessary ? Why, sir, it is predicated, in all these Now, sir, how do we, who remain here, we whose 
it is idle for us to conceal or disguise this matter reports of the heads of Departments, upon the States have not seceded, or offered to secede, stand 
any longer. 
If the bill of the honorable Senator 
necessities of that arm of the service. They as Senators at the present time? We look upon 
passes, it will be the dutyofthe Treasury to take I wanted it for the protection of our commerce. 
these occurrences, remarkable as they are, taking 
care that the revenue laws are not violated in the They wanted it to enable us to make a respectable I place outside of this Chamber; and we are bound 
