1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
853 
here until the 4th of March, with these purposes 
only darkly shadowed forth, as was donc by the 
honorable Sena tor from New York [Mr. SEWARD] 
a few days ago, on presenting a petition, and as 
has been done by the Senator from Maine, that 
there may be a slate of things svhen it may be 
necessary to coerce. 
The Senator has told. us he has no fastidious- 
ness on the subject, no objection to expressing 
his opinion that there may be a state of things 
when it• may be necessary even to coerce a State. 
We have that policy in that mode shadowed out, 
but not avowed. Now, it is time to cstablish a 
policy, and let us know what is to be done. Ide- 
sire, as a Senator of the United States, that I may 
know how to shape my course in relation to other 
measures of public policy; but until it is done, 
until we know whether a civil war is to be waged 
or not because of secession, I will never vote a 
dollar to increase the military arm of this Govern- 
ment. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senate 
adjourn. l" Oh! no." ] 
The motiön was not agreed to; there being, on 
a division—ayes 13, noes 27. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I believe this meas- 
urc of increasing the Navy has been recommended 
to us every year since I havc been in the•Senate; 
and think the same number of vessels have been 
recommended. Larger. There may have 
been more at other times. I have uniformly voted 
against the proposition to increase the Navy, be- 
cause I have not believed there was any necessity 
for it; but treason is abroad in this land, and 
believe there is an occasion and a necessity for 
the increase of the armament and power of the 
country. 
N'lr. POLK. If the Senator will allow me, I 
wi\l suggest to him that he is under a mistake; he 
did vote for it at the last session. 
Mr. KING. I think not. My opinion would 
be that I did not. Possibly I may havc done so 
at the last session. I have voted against it re- 
peatedly; and but for the condition of things which 
exists in the country now, I would not vote for it 
I will vote for it now, how- 
at the present time. 
ever, to put the country in a condition to defend 
itself against its enemies, whether they be domes- 
tic. or foceign enemies. 
Mr. President, this Government cannot be peace- 
ably destroyed, or overthrown, or divided. Be- 
fore that should bc done, the sovereigns them- 
selves would come hcrc, if their representatives 
could prove recreant in their defense of it. 
well that it should be understood that the people 
of this country will never give their consent to a 
peaceable destruction and dissolution of it. They 
would bc rccr6ant to all the high duties which 
men owe to their Maker and their country, to 
their race, to themselves, and the high trust which 
the ancestry who acquired the country have be- 
queathed to them, if they could entertain a thought 
of its destruction. Sir, I do not believe it can be 
destroyed. I would use forbearance, patience; I 
would extend every degree of kindness, and make 
every effort for conciliati011 with these people; but 
to adxnit their right to divide the country, to takc 
a State out of the Union, or to destroy it; and, 
last of all, that they should 'peaceably have the 
right to break it up, I should never agree to. 
i do not know what these gentlemen consider 
peace: They have armed themselves by means 
which are well known to the whole country. 
They have illegally taken the arms belonging to 
this Government from our arsenals. Cabinet om- 
cet•s and tnembers of the Senate have been in com- 
plicity in this treason. A foul and infamous plot, 
1 have no doubt, has existed to destroy this Gov- 
Providence, rather than the skill or 
ernment. 
attention of the people, has arrested it; and some 
of the men connected with it have been driven 
I believe indict- 
from the Cabinet in disgrace. 
ments have been foundin this District against one 
of them for embezzlement, petty larceny, grand 
larceny, or any other infamous offense thata man 
might commit, in addition to his treason. 
There are gentlemen here who are opposed to 
this appropriation. There were members of Con- 
gress found in the war of 1812 who voted against 
supplies to the Government to defend itself against 
its enemies. It is not surprising that there should 
be some such mcn found in Congress at any time. 
The greatest and widest latitude of freedom of 
opinion exists and should exist in this country. 
A man has a right to talk as he pleases. He can- 
not talk treason in this country; he must act it; 
but, Mr. President, when he acts it, in my judg- 
menl, he should take the fate of a traitor; and he 
should not scck to escape it by contending that he 
can do it peacefully against his country. 
I cannot perceiv.e the notion of honor that a 
man can have who can conceive that he can steal 
into a house, partly his own, and clandestinely 
and furtively rob it of its strength and means of 
defense, and then assail it, and claim that he may 
have the right to do so, and that they shall not 
pursue him with force to punish him for the crime 
he has committed. I tell these gentlemen, in my 
judgment, this treason must come to an end— 
in my judgment, 
peacefully, I hope; but never, 
peacefully by the ignominious submission of thc 
people of this country to traitors—never. I desire 
peace; but I would amply provide means for the 
defense of the country by war, if necessary. 
Mr. GREEN. From the beginning of this ses- 
Sion I have desired to avoid ali discussion touch- 
ing these questions until every means of adjust- 
ment should have been exhausted; but from the 
language thrown out to-day, I can hold still no 
longer, and intend to express my sentiments at 
length. To do so, however, I. ought to ask the 
Senate to indulge mc until to-morrow morning. I 
shall therefore move to adjourn. Oh! no." I 
The motion was not agreed to; there being on 
a division—ayes 19, noes 25. 
Mr. GREEN. well, IVIr•. President, it is al- 
most five o'clock, and the Senate has refused to 
mc that ordinary courtesy which I have ever 
extended to every member of this body. 
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, 1 
desire to ask him whether there is any particu- 
. lar necessity for him to submit his views upon 
this bill? 
IVIr. GREEN. There is, owing to the debate 
thathas sprung up. had intended to postpone it; 
and have refrained the whole session, and made 
no speech during the whole session on the subject. 
Mr. HALE. Then 1 move that the Senate 
adjourn. 
hc motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
MONDAY, February 11, 1861. 
The I-louse mot at twelve o 'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. TIIOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap- 
proved. 
FROM SECRETARY OF WAR. 
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com- 
munication from the Secretary of War, inclosino• 
for the information of the House of Representa- 
tives, the report. of the. chief of ordnance, com- 
municating certain objections to a bill novvr pend- 
ing before that body, providing for the removal 
of the United States arsenal at St. Louis; which 
was refcrrcd to the Comm ittec on Military Affairs, 
and ordered to be printed. 
MRS. ANN E. SMOOT. 
Mr. HAIR.RIS, of Maryland. I ask the unan- 
imous consent of the House for leave to discharge 
the Committee of the Whole House on the Private 
Calendar from the further consideration of House 
bill No. 734, of Mrs. Ann E. Smoot, 
widow of thc late Captain .Toseph Srnoot, of the 
United States Navy , in order that it may be put on 
It is for tho relicf of' the widow ofa 
its passage. 
distinguished naval offcer of the State of Mary- 
land, and was unanimously reported by the Com- 
mittee on Naval Affairs. 
I have no 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 
disposition to interfere with my friend's bill 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Then do not 
object to it. [Laughter.] 
Mr. WASI-IBUQNE, oflllinois. But 
I 
a private bill now pending before the I-louse. 
do not object. 
There was no objection; and the Committee of 
tbc Whole House on the Private Calendar was 
discharged from the further consideration of the 
The bill provides that the benefit of the sixth 
section of " An act to amend the act to promote 
United States Navy, and that theproperaccountihg 
officers of the Treasury be direcicd. to p*y'bcr the 
amount her hdsband was receiving at the t,imo -he 
was placed on the reserved list, on furlough pay, 
to tho datc of his death, deducting.therefrom what- 
ever amount he may have received in the mean 
time on account of pay. 
It appears from the report that Captain Smöot, 
while in command of the navy-yard a! Ports- 
mouth, New Hampshire, was, by the operation 
of the act entitled " An act to promote the eff- 
ciency of the Navy , ' ' approved February 28, 1855, 
placed on the reserved list on furlough pay. Feel- 
Ing himself aggrieved by the action of the retiring 
board, he memorialized Congress for relief; but 
in viex.v of the subsequent act passed January, 
1857, providing for courts of inquiry, he determp 
ined to avail himself of its provisions, and took the 
preliminary steps to avail himself of its provi sions, 
and employed counsel to conduct his case before 
such court; but, unfortunately, before he was able 
to carry his purposes into full effect, he departed 
this life, just anterior to the organization of the' 
court. A keen sense of the assumed injustice 
dono him by the retiring board preyed upon the 
spirits of Captain Smoot, and is believed to have 
hastened the period of his •death; and his widow, 
who deeply sharcs in the reproach thus, as she 
believes, unjustly cast upon his memory., prays 
an acknowledgment upon the part of Congress of 
his long and gallant services, and prays that the 
benefits of the sixth section of an act entitled 
" An act to promote the effciency of the Navy, 
approved January 16, 1857, may be extended to 
his case; and an act be passed directing the pay- 
ment to her of the amount her said husband was 
receiving at the time he was so placed upon the 
reserved list on furlough pay, to the time of his 
death, ded ucti ng therefrom whatever sums he may 
have received in the mean time upon account of 
pay. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, moved to recon- 
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and 
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 
upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
SWANSON'S LANDING. 
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent, in. 
troduced n bill to establish a port of entry at 
Swanson's Landing, on the waters of Red river,• 
in the State of Texas; which was read a first and 
second time by its title, and referred to the Com- 
mittee on Commerce. 
CALL or STATES FOR BILLS, ETC. 
The SPEAKER. The business now in order 
is the call of States for bills and resolutions for 
reference. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What be- 
comes of my private bill? 
The SPEAKER. It is the first business in 
order after the morning hour. 
cR1'HDNDEN RESOLUTIONS. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia.' 1 introduce the 
following rcsolution : 
Resoloed, (the two Houses of Congress concurring,) 
That the Legislatures of the several States of the United 
States be requcstcd promptly to pass such laws as are re- 
quisite to authorizc the holding of special elections, to ena- 
ble. the whole people to vote for or against the proposition 
known as the Crittenden alnendment; and t.hat their decis- 
ion shatl bc taken as a basis of settlement for all diffcul- 
tics now seriously threatening our national unity. 
Mr. ELIOT. lobiect. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right 
to introduce his joint resolution. 
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia, moved that the 
resolution be referred to the Committee on the 
Jud iciary. 
The question was takcn; and the motion was 
agrccd to. 
SOUTHERN CONFEDERACY. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina.. 1 submit 
the following resolution: 
Whereas, the States of South Carolina, Florida, Ala- 
bama , Georgia, Mississippi, and Louisiana -have seceded 
from the Confederacy of the United States, and have es- 
tablished a Government under tllé name of the Confed- 
the efficiency of the Navy,' approved January e 
desirable that the Inost amicable relations should exist 
16, 1859, bc extended to N.trs. Ann E. 
between I-lie two Governments, and war should be avoided 
widow of the late Captain Joseph S:noot, of the , i tbc greatest calamity which can befall them— 
