856 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 11, 
BURNETT. A division was called for, 
and divided the first and second resolu- 
tions. We certainly had a right to a division of 
the whole series of resolutions. Now, I would 
stultify myself by voting for this resolution. I 
can vote that the people of the non-slaveholding 
States have no right to iriterfere '.vith slavery, but 
it would be stating what is false, to say that they 
had no purpose to interfere with slavery in the 
slave States. 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will call the roll. 
Mf. SICKLES. May ask my colleague for 
permision (o make asuggestion? [Cries of "No ! " 
Call the roll! ' ' ] There is a mistake, 
and* gn important one, in the resolution. [Calls 
•to 6' Order! " 
•VAN YCK. 1 object to any interrup- 
tion of the vote. 
Mr. BOCOCK (when his name was called) said : 
I ask to be excused from voting on this resolution. 
V will not take up time to give my reasons. 
Mr. BRABSON (when his name was called) 
said: I cannot vote as to the intention of the Re- 
publicans; but I vote " ay?' on that part of the 
resolution denying the power of the Government 
to interfere with slavery in the States. 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman vote? 
Mr. BRABSON. 1 vote "ay." 
Mr. BURCH (when his name was called) said: 
I desire to state 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order— 
The SPEAKER. No debate can be allowed 
during the roll-call. 
Mr. HINDMAN. Why should not the 
tleman from California be allowed to nake an 
explanation as well as the gentleman from Tennes- 
see, [Mr. BRABSON?] I suppose he was allowed 
to speak because hc was known to occupy a posi- 
tion different from that of most of us on this side. 
It is well known what his position is—that hc is 
one of the submissionist party of the South. 
Mr. BRABSON. If the gentleman from Ark- 
ansas says that I am a submissionist, I tell him 
that he is mistaken. 
Mr. I-IINDMAN. I ask the gentleman if he 
is not in favor of submitting? 
Mr. BRABSON. I will never submit to any- 
thing that is wrong—never ! 
Mr. BURCH. 
I subscribe to thät portion of 
the resolution which declares there is no power 01' 
right in any of the northern States, orin the Gen- 
era! Government to disturb, abolish, or interfere 
with slavery in the slave States. [Crics of' " Or- 
But not being willing to vouch for the 
opinions and desires of the people of Massachu- 
setts, or any other northern State that) my own, 
I decline to vote. [Cries of " Order ! " 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE (when his name 
was called) said: The resolution expresses only 
a universuily conceded principle; and therefore I 
declinc to vote. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask to bc excused from 
votincr. 
[Cries of ! ' ' ] Then, because 
the latter part of tl'10 resolut.ion asserts a false. 
hood, I refuse to vote. 
Mr. QUARLES stated that Mr. LEACH, of 
North Carolina, was confined to his room by in- 
disposition. 
Mr. MALLORY (when his namc was called) 
said: As I Ljelicve that to be the scntimcnt of a 
majority of thc people of the northern States, I 
vote ay.' 
[Cries of " Good ! ' ' ] I simply ex- 
press my opinion in doing that. 
Mr. MAYNARD (when his name was called) 
said: I believe in a port.ion of tho resolution, and 
I hope that the rest of it is truc. Still, gentlemen 
from the non-slaveholding States ought not to ex- 
pect us from the slaveholding States to vote on 
that part of the resolution, which is simply ex- 
pressive of their purpose. Nobody is more grat- 
ified than um at the evidence on that point given 
by the votes of the other side. I hail iL as a most 
auspicious omen. I decline to vote. 
Mr. MCCLERNAND (when his name was 
called,) said: Understanding that the word peo- 
where it first occurs in the resolution, to 
mean the whole people ofa State, and not any party 
or portion of the people thereof; and that t.he word 
" States," 
where it last occurs, means slaveholding 
States; understanding this to be the meaning and 
effi•ct of the resolution, I vote for it—protesting, 
however, al the same time, against the expression 
of any opinion, on my part, to the purpose of 
any anti-slavcry organization of the North. 
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague, Mr. 
Davrs, was confined to his room by indisposition. 
He (Mr. N.) declined to vote. 
Mr. PHELPS (when his name was called) said : 
The resolution amrms the purpose of the people 
of the non-slaveholding States not to interfere with 
slavery in the States. If this be true, I am glad of 
it; but I cannot declare what their.purpose is. The 
resolution furthermore declares the non-slavehold- 
ing States have no right to legislate concerning 
slavery. This proposition I deny. New York has 
the right to establish or prohibit slavery within 
her limits. 
The non-slaveholding States have the right, as 
did New York and Pennsylvania in former years, 
to protect the property in slaves of sojourners in 
these States for a limited period of time. 
I can- 
not vote for a resolution denying such a right. I 
vote in the negative. 
Mr. QUARLES (when his name was called) 
said: Mr. Speaker, I fully concur in that portion of 
this resolution which denies to the General Gov- 
ernment•, or to the people of the northern States, 
the right to interfere with the institu tion of slavery 
in the southern States. 
But what are the purposes of the northern peo- 
ple, I am not suffciently informed to say. I 
hope it may be true, sir, that they do not intend 
to interfere with slavery in the southern States, 
and that gentlemen from the North, on this floor, 
as well as the people of the North, will soon evi- 
dence that intention by adopting some measures 
of fair and honorable compromise. I respectfully 
ask to be excused from voting, sir. 
Mr. RUFFIN (when his name wascalled) said: 
Entertaining a profound contempt for all such po- 
litical trickery, and not beirp disposed to swal- 
low a gilded pill, I respectfulty decline to vote. 
Mr. SCOTT (when his name was called) said: 
As I believe tho object of the Republican party 
to be the exclusion of slavery, I vote no." 
Nit. STOUT (when his nume was culled) said: 
I shali vote for the rcsolution, and believe it ex- 
presses thc unanimous voice of my people. 
was not true, disunion would not only be justi- 
fiabke, but necessary. 
Mr. VANCE asked to be, and was, excused 
from voting. 
Mr. NV 'ERY (when his name was called) said: 
As we v.rerc not allowed, in taking this vote, to 
separate a question of fact from the assertion of 
a political principle; and as I could not vote either 
thc one way or the other without self-stultifica- 
lion, I decline to vote. 
IVIr. COX. I vote for that part of the resolu- 
tion which denies the right to interfere with sla- 
very in thc States. [Cries o? ' ' Order!" ] As to 
the purpose of thc northern people thus to inter- 
fere, I believe the hitherto controlling portion of 
the dominant portion of the North had the pur- 
pose thus to interfere, but that the majority of the 
pcoplc North have no such purpose now. [Cries 
of Order ! ' ' 
] If they ever had, they are cured of 
it. Record my vote ' ' a.y." [Shouts of" Order!" 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. 
I wish to state 
that I voted for the resolution without hearino• it 
read. Sirlce hearing it read, however, I will with- 
draw my vote. 
Mr. VALLANDIGI-IAM. My 
PENDLETON, whose name has just been called, has 
been suddenly cailed home by the illness of his 
father, and has paired off with my other colleague, 
Mr. STANTON. Intending, myself, to vote for thc 
Adams ame.ndment—a practical measure—I de- 
cline to vote for this abstract resolution with a 
double meanincr. 
Mr. STANTON. It is true that 1 with 
my colleague Mr. PENDLETON, but I had voted in 
the affirmative, supposing Mr. PENDLETON would 
so vote if he werc here. 
If my colleagues on the 
other side of the House think otherwise, I will 
withdraw my vote. 
Mr. NOELL. I am glad to scc the Republican 
members of this House very generally voting for 
this proposition; and I accept it as a very 
indication of good feeling upon their part. Not 
fieling informed upon the subject myself, however, 
as to the intention of the North, I respectfully 
decline to vote. 
Mr. WOODSON. I desire to say that there is 
a fact stated in that resolution on which I am un- 
informed. 
f therefore vote " no.' 
Mr. TRAIN stated that he had paired with Mr. 
KUNKEL. 
Mr. BARR. I voted for the resolution; but 
understanding that there is a difference of opinion 
amoncr mcmbors as to what the meaning of it is, 
I will withdraw' my vote. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. r ask permission 
to say that, understanding the object of this res- 
olution is to express the opinion that there is no 
purpose on the part of the non-slaveholding Statos 
to interfere with slavery as it exists, and accept- 
ing the unanimous vote of the gentlemen upon 
the other side of the House as an indication that 
their purpose is not to interfere with it, I vole 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Understandingtheres- 
olution to assort that we have no right to interfere 
with slavery where it exists in the States, I vote 
Mr. .JENKINS. Believing the fact asserted 
in the resolution to be untrue and the principle 
asserted to bc true, I decline to vote upon the res- 
Olu tion. 
Mr. LEAK E. I rise toa personal explanation. 
Mr. VAN WYCK. 1 object. 
Mr. LEAK E. I want to know why it is that 
gentlemen upon the other side of the House are 
permitted to explain, and gentlemen on this Sidc 
are not permitted to explain. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is required to 
arrest debate during the roll-call, if objection is 
made. 
Mr. LEAKE. well, sir; 1 desire to know 
then, why the rule is not applied to others. Mr. 
Speaker, I decline to v.ote upon this proposition, 
for the reason that it places us in the position of 
voting for a staterncnt of fact which we know to 
be untrue, or of votin(F acainst a principle Which 
we know to be true. I believe it was designed, 
by the gentleman who introduced it, to place us 
upon this side in a false position, and I decline to 
vote upon it. 
The SPEAKER then announced that 106 gen- 
t}cmen had voted for the resolution and 4 against 
it; und that no quorum had voted. [Cries of" Call 
the roll ! ' ' 
Mr. PETTIT. 1 rise to a of order. 
I addressed the Chair before he had announced 
tho vote, dcsirino• to vote; and I insist that I have 
the right to vote. 
The SPEAKER. vvith that statementoffact, 
the gentleman has the right to vote. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 of order. 
I submit that after the Chair had announced that 
106 had voted in the affirmative and 4 in the neg- 
ative, and that no quorum had voted, the gentle- 
man from Indiana has no right to vote. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the 
gentleman from Indiana has a right to- vote. 
Mr. SICKLES. The ambiguity of the reso- 
lution is the reason why a quorum does not vote. 
[Cries of 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in 
order. 'The gentleman from Indiana has thc right 
to vote. 
Mr. SICKLES. 1 hope my colleague will 
modify his rcsoluliou, so as to make his meaninm 
clear, and then, I presume, there will be no diffl- 
cult.y about a quorum. 
Mr. LEAKE. 1 rise to of order. 1 
submit that, after the vote has been announced, 
it is not in ordcr to receive the vote of any gentle- 
man who has not voted. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de- 
cided that the gentleman from Indiana has the 
right to vote, 
Mr. LEAKE. well, the Chair decided wrong, 
and I take an appeal from his decision. 
Mr. CURTIS. 1 rise to a point of order. 
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a question of order. 
I was upon the floor addressing the Chair for the 
purpose of voting. The Chair had no right to 
make any announcement that should cut, off my 
vote; and therefore I submit that no announce- 
ment has been made of the vote. 
Mr. LEAK E. have taken an appeal from the 
decision of the Chair. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is 
not competent for any gentleman to take an ap- 
peal from the decision of the Chair during the call 
of the roll; and he will not, therefore, entertain 
the appeal. He makes the decision upon his own 
responsi bility, subject to the censure of the House. 
Mr. LEAKE. the Speaker if he has 
right to keep the polls open until to-morrowr 
