1861. 
retary of State, under a resolution of the Senate 
of the 16th January, 1850. 
In view of the highly meritorious and valuable 
services thus rendered by Mr. Palmer, and their 
important results in preparing the way for- open- 
ing new marts in the East to our commerce, the 
committee have come to the conclusion that he is 
justly entitled to $3,000 in compensation for stich 
services and expenses. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 wish to know if this 
was not in the employment of the Government at 
some compensation during this time ? 
Mr. TAPPAN. He not. 
Mr. STANTON. yvell, 1 never knew any- 
body worked that long for the Government before 
without being paid. 
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having 
voted therefor.) 
The biil was then ordered to a third reading; 
and was accordingly read the third time, and 
passed. 
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay 
the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
OREGON WAR DEBT. 
Mr. STOUT. 1 ask the unanimous consent of 
the House to make Senate bill No. 1 the special 
order for Thursday of next week. 
A MEMBER. What is it? 
Mr. SCOUT. It is the bill to provide for the 
Washington and Oregon war debt. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 object. 
Mr. STOUT. I move to suspend the rules. 
Before the vote is taken on the motion, however, 
I ask the permission of the House to say, that I 
have not occupied their time for a half hour dur- 
I think I am en- 
ing the Thirty-Sixth Congress. 
titled to. this favor, as I only ask now that they 
will give me a hearinÜ upon this Inattel', and if the 
claim is just, that it shall be allowed. I do not 
ask for the consideration of the bill to-day. I only 
ask that it may be assigocd as a special order for 
sorne day, when its merits can be fully canvassed; 
and I trust I will be able to mcct the objections 
urgcd against it. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on the 
motion to suspend the rules. 
Tellers were, ordered; and Messrs. CRAIG Of 
Missouri, and VAN WYCK, wyere appointed. 
The I-louse divided; and the tcllers reported 
fifty-seven in the affrmative—not two thirds of a 
quorum. 
Mr. STOUT. 1 call for the yeas and nays upon 
the motion. I want to see whether gentlemen are 
willing to give the people of Oregon a hearin% or 
are determined to take for granted that all the foul 
slanders upon them are true. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
Mr. HOARD. There is so much confusion it 
is impossible to tell what is going on I wish the 
gentleman from Oregon would explain just what 
he wants. 
Mr. STOUT. 1 will explain. The object of 
this motion is not to consider this bill at this time. 
1 desire to have it fixed for some particular day, 
so that it may be considered during the present 
I am especially desirous that it shall be 
session. 
BO considered, not only on account of its import- 
ance to the people of my State, but because the 
committeös of the Senate and of the H_ouse have 
spent a great deal of time in investigating it. They 
have made their report; and unless the Housc fix 
a time for i_ts considerotion, it will not be acted on 
this session. 'SVe will have lost all the labor they 
have bestowed in its investigation, and it will have 
to be reinvestigated next session. I ask that it 
may be made a special order for Thursday of next 
week. The business of the House will not jus- 
tify me in fixing a shorter time. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 object to debate. 
The quest.ion was taken; and it was decided in 
the 102, nays 35; as follows: 
VEAS—Messrs. Aldrich, Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, 
Blair, Blake, Bouligny, Briggs, 
Avery, Barret, Bingbat)l, 
Btlfiinton, Burch, Burl inualne., Burnett, Burnhmn, Butier- 
field, Carey, Carter, Case, .10hn 1B. Clark, Coburn, John 
Cochrane, Colfax, James Craig, Burton Craige, Curtis, 
Dasves. Delano, Duel! , Dunn. Ednerton, Edmundson, Ed- 
wards, Eliot, English, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, 
Ferry, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Gihner, Gooch, Grahan), 
t-lindman, Holman, VVil- 
Ilall, J. Morrison Harris, Ilatton, 
liarn I-lovvard, Hutyhes, Irvine, Jenkins, Junkin, Francis 
VV. Kellogg, WFiIliam Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Larrabee, 
DeWitt C. Leach, Leakc, Loomis, Elbert S. Martin, 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
861 
McClcrnand, McKean, McKnight, Millward, Montgomery, 
Laban T. Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Nibiack, Nixon, 
Noell, Pettit, Potter, Pryor, Quarles, Riggs, Christopher 
Robinson, Rufin, Scranton, Sedgwick, Stanton, Steven- 
son, Stokes. Stout, Stratton, Tappan, 'l'rain, Van VVyck, 
Waldron, Cådwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, 
Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windonl, Winslow, Woodruff, 
and Woodson—102. 
NAYS—Messrs. Green Adams, William C. Anderson, 
Horace F. Clark, Corwin, Ely, Garnett, Gurley,- John 
• Harris, Haskin, Hoard, Humphrey, I-lutchins, Killinger, 
Lovejoy, Maynard, Morrill. Palmer, Phelps, Porter, Pottle, 
Edwin R. Reynolds, John 'H. Reynolds, James C. Robin- 
son, Royce, Sherman, Spaulding, Spinner, William Stew- 
art, 'Thomas, Tompkins, Trimble, Vance, Wade, and 
Walton—35. 
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds havilP 
voted therefore) 
Mr. STOUT. I now movc the adoption of the 
followino• resolution; and on that question I call 
for the previous question : 
Resolved, That Senate bill No. II, and report of the Com- 
mittee on Military Affairs thereon, providing for the pay- 
ment of expenses incurred by the trerritories or unashington 
and Oregon, in suppressing Indian hostilities during thc 
years 1855—56, be made the special order for Thursday of 
next week, atter the morning hour. 
Mr. TOMPKINS moved that the House ad- 
journ; and on that motion demanded the yeas and 
nays. 
Mr. STANTON. We might as well dispose 
of this matter now. 
Mr. SHERMAN. By the House 
may find reasons for rejecting it. 
The SPEAKER The rules have 
been suspended, and the resolution, if the House 
adjourn, I,vill come up to-morrow as the unfinished 
business. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the 
House refused to adjourn. 
Mr. PHELPS moved that the resolution be 
laid upon the table. 
The question was takcn; and the motion was 
disagreed to. 
Mr. PHELPS moved that the House. adjourn. 
The question was taken; and the motion was 
disagreed to. 
Mr. SHERMAN demanded tellers on second- 
ing the call for the previous question. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SHERMAN 
and STOUT wm•e appointed. 
The previous question was seconded, (the tel- 
hers reporting ayes 84, nocs 46,) and the main 
question was ordered; and, under the operation 
thereof, the resolution was adopted. 
Mr. STOUT moved to reconsider-the vote by 
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
TIIEODORE ADAMS. 
Mr. WALTON. 1 move that the Committee 
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar be 
discharged from the further consideration of 
Court of Claims bill No. 162, for the relief of 
Theodore Adan-is. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object. 
Mr. WALTON. 1 that the rules be sus- 
pcndcd in order that the bill may be brought be- 
fore the House and put on its passage. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that 
the House adjourn. 
The question was taken, and the motion was 
agreed to; and thereupon (at four o'clock and ten 
minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
TUESDAY, February 12, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. 
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the sen- 
ate a letter of the acting Secretary of the Interior, 
communicating the reports and maps of F. W. 
Lander, superintendent of the Fort Kearny, South 
Pass, and Honey Lake wagon road; which was 
ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by Mr. 
Mr. GWIN to print the report was referred to the 
Committee on Printing. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. 
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the following 
enrolled bill and joint resolution, which had pre- 
viously been signed by the Speaker of the House 
of Representatives: 
A bill (H. R. No. 545) granting a pension to 
A joint resolution (S. No. 58) authorizing Lieu- 
tenant T. A. M. Craven to receive certain marks 
ofdistinction tendered to him by the Spanish Gov- 
ernment. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills from the House of Repre- 
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles, 
and referred to the Committee on Pensions: 
A bill (No. 988) for the relief of Susan Bayard, 
widow of A. W. W. Bayard, an invalid so'ldier 
of the war of 1812; and 
A bill (No. 990) for the relief of the legal repre- 
sentatives of Betsey Nash. 
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. 
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend- 
ment of the House of Representatives to the sev- 
enth amendment of thc Senate to the bill (H. n. 
No. 864) making appropriations for the consular 
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for 
the year ending June 30, 1862; and 
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was 
Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee on Finance. 
LEGISLATIVE, ETC. , APPROPRIATION BILL. 
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend- 
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 892) making ap- 
propriations for the legislative, executive, and 
judicial expenses of the Government for the year 
ending June 30, 1862, disagreed to by the House 
of Representatives; and 
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was 
Ordered, 'I'hat they be referred to the Committee on Fi- 
nance. 
PETITIONS. 
Mr. WADE presented seven petitions of citi- 
zens of Philadelphia, without distinction of party, 
requesting Congress to stand firm for the Union, 
the Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of all 
the laws; which was ordered to lie on tbc table. 
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of fourteen 
hundred citizens of Hartford, in the State of Con- 
necticut, asking Congress to adopt the resolutions 
recently submitted to the Senate by Hon. Mr. 
CRITTENDEN, of Kentucky, or such other propo- 
sitions as are substantially embraced in the Vir- 
ginia resolutions; which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
BILL RECOMMITTED. 
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the bill(H. 
R. No. 909) for the relief of Thomas Chittenden 
was recommitted to the Committee on Pensions. 
MESSAGE FROM 110USE. 
A message from the House of Representatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed the following bills; in which 
the concurrence of the Senate was requested: 
A bili (No. 115) for the relief of the legal rep- 
rescntatives of David G. Bates; and 
A bill (No. 734) for the relief of Mrs. Ann E. 
Smoot, widow of the late Captain Joseph Smoot, 
of the United States Navy. 
The message further announced that the House 
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the 
resolution (I-I. R. No. 39) directing the account- 
ing ofiieers of the Treasury to settle the accounts 
of the late Robert Stockton, quartermaster, &c. 
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS. 
The message further announced that the House 
had ordered, on the 11th instant, the printing of 
the following documents: 
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit- 
ting a report of the chief of the bureau of Ord- 
nance, stating his objections to the bill now pend- 
ing before Congress for the removal of the arsenal 
at St. Louis—ordered at twelve o 'clock and thir- 
teen minutes. 
A letter from the acting Secretary of the Inte- 
rior, transmitting a communication from Colonel 
Lander, superintendent of the Fort Kearny, South 
Pass, and Honey Lake road, together 
with several petitions unanimously signed by em- 
irrrants, in reference to the construction ofa brid«e 
across Green river, and some of the smaller 
streams in that vicinity, and along the said road, 
and recommendil'lg an appropriation for that pur- 
I pose—ordered at three o'clock and ten minutes. 
A letter from the acting Secretary of the Jnte- 
rior, transmitting maps and reports of the Fort 
Kearny, South Pass, and Honey Lake wagon 
road, &c.—ordered at three o'clock and eleven 
I minutes. 
