1861. 
Sir, it is for these things that these petitioners 
now pray; and they insist that they shall be in- 
terpolated into the Constitution of the United 
States. I have an infinite respect for the right of 
petition, and I desire always to promote the inter- 
ests and to cai•ry forward the just and proper 
desires of my fellow-citizens; but I must express 
my regret that these gentlemen have missed the 
op )ortunity, when uniting in such numbers, of 
calling plainly and unequivocally, as lovers of the 
Union of their fathers, for two things 
all-sumcient for the present crisis—with regard to 
which, I should expect the sympathies of the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky. First, that the Constitution 
of the United States, as administered by George 
Washington, to be preserved intact and blame- 
less in its text, without any tinkering for the sake 
of slavery; and secondly. the verdict of the peo- 
ple last November, by which Abraham Lincoln 
was elected President of the United States, be 
enforced without price or condition. Here is 
ground on which every patriot and loyal citizen 
of the land can take his stand, and have over him 
the flag of the Union. How much better tliis 
than any scheme, device, juggle, hocus-pocus of 
On such a ground, all men who 
really love the Union of their fathers, without-an 
if or a but, can plant themselves. 
I remember, sir, that on the night of the pas- 
sage of the Nebraska bill—it x,vas at midnight—I 
made thc declaration in the debate that then went 
on, that the time forcompromise had passed. 'l'he 
events taking place all verify this truth. It is ob- 
vious that existinKF difficulties can now be arrarpcd 
only on permanent principles of justice, freedom, 
and humanity. Any seeming settlement founded 
on an abandonment of principles, will be but a 
miserable patch work, which cannot succeed. It 
is only a short time ago, you will remcmber, that 
the whole country was filled with shame and dis- 
may, as the reports came to us of the surrender 
of the southern forts; and when it was known that 
Fort Sumter, too, was about to be given up, there 
was a cry that went forth from the hearts of the 
people, by which that fortress was save(l, at least 
for the present. Propositions are made and 
brought forward by the Senator from Kentucky, 
and now enforced by petitions from constituents 
of my own State, calling upon the North to sur- 
render its principles—to surrender those impreg- 
nable principles of human rights which constitute 
It is oven proposed, sir, to 
our northcrn forts. 
surrender the principle of freedom in the Territo- 
ries—the Fort Sumter of the North. 
I trust, sir, 
that they will all yet be saved; and as their safety 
depends upon the people, and not upon a Prcsr- 
dent, I hope that a cry will go forth from the peo- 
ple like that which, only a few days ago, saved 
that ot.her Fort Surntei• when it was menaced. 
For myself, if I stand with many, or with few, or 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
863 
Deputies, while recvnizing the unu tterable calam- 
ities of that revolution, said that it was his sol- 
emn duty to declarc that, in his opinion, they 
were to be referred, not so much to the bad pas- 
sions of men as to those timid counsels that sought 
to substitute Compromise for Principle. Lafayette 
may well speak to his American {öllow-citizens, 
now, and inspire them to stand firm affainst any 
timid counsels that would substitute compromise 
för principle. 
I have no desire to press my motion to a vote. 
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to present the reso- 
lutions of the Lecislature of the State of Michigan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair.) The subject before the Senate has 
not been disposed of. 
Mr. BINGHAM. The Senator from Massa. 
chusetts withdrew the motion to print. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President,— 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Ken- 
tucky wishes to speak on it, I do not withdraw 
the motion. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President— 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 had the floor, 1 believe. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senator 
from Michigan was reco&nized, but the Chair 
understood that he wished to present a petition. 
The present subject not being disposed of, the 
Senator from Kentucky has the floor on the ques- 
tion before the Senate, being the motion to print 
the petition offered by him. 
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 yield. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it might 
seem to be a little uncyracious in mc step bet'.vcen 
the honoralJle Senator and his constituents who 
have sent this petition here. He charges them 
with ignorance. Ele is better acquainted with them 
than am; but it has been a boast long made, and 
I have thought it a well-founded boast, that edu- 
cation at thc North was more universal than in 
any otller part of the Union; that the Common- 
wealth of Massachusetts especially took the rnost 
parental care of her people, and that they were 
generally more enlightened, and a more reading 
and writing people, than the population of any 
other State of the Union. 
I had supposed that 
this was the case. I have no particular acquaint- 
ance with these gentlemen. 'I'he tie that is be- 
tween us is that of our common citizenship. 
Another tie that is between us is the coincidence 
of our opinions and our attachment in favor of 
this Union, avid the honor they have done me in 
confiding the presentation of this petition to my 
hands. 
The gentleman says they have signed it out of 
ignorance. In presenting it, I supposed I might 
appeal to the Senate to give additional force and 
effect to this petition, because of the intelligence 
of the people by whom it had been sent. The 
gentleman supposes they have signed it without 
alone, I have but one thing to say: 'G No sur 
- understanding it; and for the, purpose of showing 
render of the Fort Sumter of the North; 
no sur- 
render of any of out northern forts. No, sir; not 
of one of them.' 
But the bankers and the merchants of New 
York and Boston tell us that the Government shall 
not have money if we do not surrender our prin- 
ciples. Then acain, sir, do I appeal to the peo- 
pie. 
I believe that the American people are not 
less patriotic than the French people, and that 
they only want the opportunit.y to come forward 
and supply {he necessities of the Government, as 
the French people, only recently, at the hint of 
Louis Napoleons came forward with their loan, 
all composed of small sums, in order to conduct 
that war which ended in the liberation of Italy. i 
Our Government stands on the aggregate virtue 
and intelligence of the people. 
It only remains, 
now, that we should make an appeal to the aggre- 
gate wealth of the people. The farmer, the me- 
chanic, the laborer—every man who truly loves 
his country, will contribute out of his earnings 
to uphold the Constitution and the national flag. I 
Out of these small sums, inspired by a generous 
that they do not understand it, he has character- 
ized my resolutions so as to render it, as he sup- 
poses, impossible that an intelligent person could 
sign the petition. They would have spurned it, 
I understand him, instead of signing it, if they 
had understood it. 
It calls upon the North to 
abandon her settled and impregnable principles, 
he says. What principles? To permit slavery, 
is all that is asked, in our present Territory. All 
that is asked is, that the condition of slavery shall 
remain in the Territory of New Mexico as it now 
is. That is the substance. When I first offered 
these resolutions, I presented them as a mcrc 
basis upon which to establish some measure of 
I invited gentlernen of all sides to 
compromise. 
amendments and alterations, and partic- 
ularly I called their attention to that provision 
which embraced in tnese resolutions territory to 
be hereafter acquired. I stated that my principal 
inducement to it was that it might prevent, and 
would be calculated 10 prevent, the Future acqui- 
sition of territory. 
'I'he North, the ruling power of the country, 
patriotism, we shall have a fuli Treasury, even if It apprehensive that if southern territory was ac- 
quired slavery would be established there, would, 
the bankers and the merchants stand aloof. 
There is but one thing, now, for the North to of course, oppose such acquisitions. The South 
do. It is, to stand firm in their position, They would oppose northern acquisitions in tho samo 
complain, when he svas invited to make amend- 
ments. These resolutions have been beforcussince 
the 18th day of December, and he •has made no 
proposition to amend or alter them ? . None. Here 
a great measure of pacification. Everv SenF 
tor is bound, as far as he can, to-contribute to the 
settlement of our great national troubles. 
If the 
propositions I offered, and which I offered with 
diffidence, are not adequate to tl•te purpose, if they 
ask too much, why have not gentlemen moved to 
amend? Why has the honorable Senator sat here 
for one month and more, and proposed no amend- 
ment to the propositions which he now,rises to 
condemn his constituents for approving? 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me 
to say, that every time I could get an opportu- 
nity, I have voted against his propositions? I 
have missed no opportunity, direct or indirect, 
of voting against his propositions, from beginning 
to end, every line and every word of them. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Ido that, 
Mr. President; it may be so; but that is not what 
I am asking of the gentleman. 
It is: that if he 
desired union and conciliation at all, why did he 
not move to amend the propositions which he 
now condemns ? 
Mr. SUMNER. I will answer the Senator. 
Because I thought there could be no basis of peace 
on the Senator's propositions. The Senator's 
propositions were wrong in every respect, in every 
line, in every word. That is what thought. 
1 
was for the Constitution of thc United Slates— 
the Constitution of our administered 
by George Washington. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If that was all true, 
and the gentleman desired an amicable settlement 
of the difficulties which now thrcatcn the coun- 
try, had he no proposition whatever to makc ? 
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; the proposition 
which I have already made, that the Constitution, 
as administered by George Washington, should 
be preserved pure and free from any amendment 
for the sake ot• slavery. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Why did he not move 
that? Why did he sit sullen •and silent here for 
one month or more, with his breast full of resent- 
mcnt? [Applause in the galleries.] 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order will be 
preserved in the galleries, or they will be cleared 
Immediately. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. With such a spirit of 
opposition to, and thinking as he did of, these 
resolutions, why did he not propose to strike 
them all out? 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senatorietmeanswer? 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes; 1 will. 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 did vote for the proposi- 
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. 
CLARK.] I voted for it as soon as it could come 
to a vote; and that expresses precisely my ideas. 
That displaced the Senator's proposition entirely. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. All that [ say remains 
true. The Senator now has particularized some 
three or four instances in which he eonsidered 
these resolutionsas particularly condemnable, and 
now denounces the ignorance of his constituen ts, 
as evidenced bv their sio•ning this petition. What 
ate they? W 8 want a guarantee for slavery, he 
says. Sir, the gentleman only half speaks the 
truth. He states it as though we had risen up here 
in a time of peace and quiet, to ask an alteration 
of the Constitution, simply for the purpose of ex- 
tending slavery. That is not the case. Of the tep- 
ritory acquired from Mexico by the common blood 
and the common treasure, ail bas been appropri- 
ated according to the wishes of the North, and the 
slaveholding States excluded. Here remains one 
arid, steriEe Territory alone—New Mexico 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour 
one having arrived, it becomes the duty of the 
Chair to arrest the discussion, and announce the 
special order, which is House bill No. 914. 
Mr. BIGLER. move to postpone the order 
of the day, to allow the Senator frorn Kentucky 
to proceed. 
Mr. BAKER. It can be done by general 
consent. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. be given, hope 
way, for the. same reason. Butl said at the same leave will be given to reply. If everything else 
may bc guided by the testimony of one of the 
is to (Five way to this discussion, let us hcaé both 
greatest benefactors of our country. I mean La time, and say now, that if this is not acceptable 
Fayette; who, in his old age, when his experience as a comprehensive settlement, which is to settle sides. 
had been ripened by time; when he saw the old now, and prevent hereafter, ali controversy on The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general 
this subject, it shall not bc with me an indispens- consent, the bill may be laid aside, and this dis. 
French revolution as a surviving actor and a sur- 
viving sufferer, from his seat in the Chamber of able condition. What right has the gentieman to II cussion proceed. 
