864 
Mr. HALE. 1 object. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12. 
The PRESIDINGÖFFICER. Objection being 
made, the vote must be taken. It is moved and 
seconded that the order of the day be postponed 
to allow this discussion to go on. 
The question being taken, there wcrc, on a di- 
vision—ayes 19, noes 8; no quorum voting. 
Mr. BRAGG. There is evidently a quorum 
present. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 call for the yeas and 
Oh, no." ] The only object I have is 
nays. 
to get a quorum. 
Mr. ANTHONY. lhope the debate will be 
allowed to go on informally. Let the special order 
be laid aside informally, by general consent, that 
the Senator from Kentucky may proceed. 
Mr. POYVELL. There is a quorum present, 
evidently. 
Mr. HALE. Is this question debatable? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
has not been decided. 
Mr. HALE. I thought the motion was to post- 
pone the special order, and allow the debate to 
go on. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the 
motion; but no vote has been had indicating the 
presence of a quorum of the Senate. The yeas 
and nays were demanded, but have not been or- 
dered. 
Mr. BIGLER. Let us order them. 
Mr. HALE. vote against this motion, be- 
cause I think a period of the session has arrived 
when, if we cver intend to do anything, we ought 
to do it, and we ought to be about it; and, with 
all respect to the Senator from Kentucky and the 
Senator from Massachusetts—I listen to them 
with as much pleasure as anybody, and I have 
had a good deal of that pleasure this session, 
[laughter,] not particularly from the Senator from 
Massachusetts—I say that think it is time the 
Senate went to the practical business of the coun- 
try. The demands of the country are not for any 
more speeches, but for practical business, if we 
ever mean to do any; and I am glad the yeas and 
nays have been called for, so that the country 
may know who it is that come here to make and 
to hear speeches that can possibly tend to no sort 
of good on earth, but may do mischief. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope, if the 'Senator is so 
much opposed to speeches, he will quit, and let 
us votc. [Laughter.] 
IVIr. HALE. 1 will say that that is the best 
speech 1 ever heard from the Senator from Illi- 
nois, because it is the shortest. [Laughter.] 
give up now, sir. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. It accomplished its object. 
[Laughter. 
The PR ?SIDING OFFICER. The motion 
before the Senate is tl')nt. House bill No. 914, which 
is the order of the day at one o'clock, being the 
unfinished business of yesterday, be postponed, 
in order that the discussion upon the petition 
which has been presented Inay go on. The Chair 
wili put the question t•vain. 
Mr. I-IA LIC called ibr the yeas and nays; and 
they werc ordered . 
Mu•.TRUMBULL. 1 to say, that 
if this discussion is to go on by thc Senator from 
Ken tuck y, I trust it will not be arrested the moment 
hc is through. 
'I'he time of the Senate has been 
taken up almost from its commencement by dis- 
cussions from persons who have sought to throw 
on this side of the Senate thc responsibility for 
the present condition of things; and I think it is 
time that some• reply should be made to these re- 
iterated staternents. When u party has brought 
the country to the verge of dissolution, is making 
war upon it, capturing its troops, seizing its forts, 
firing into its vessels, dishonoring its flag, and yet 
talking about Union and peace, and appealing to 
Republicans, who have never been in power, day 
time that we upon our side placed this respons- 
ibility where it belongs—upon the corruptions, 
the iknbecilty, the irresolution—if I may not say 
the complicity with treason itself—of the party ill 
power. Now, sir, if the discussion is to go on, 
and the time of the Senate is to be taken up, with 
I think, about sixteen legislative days 
retuaining from now to the 4th of March, with 
important bills pending, if every gentleman who 
presents a petition is to make a speech, and time 
to be taken up in that way, let us have it on both 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
feels bound to suggest to the Senator from Illinois 
that, by the rules of the Senate, a motion re- 
gard to the order of business does not open the 
subject so that it can be discussed upon its mer- 
its. But a very brief discussion is understood to 
be in order on a motion in regard to the order of 
business, which is the motion now before the 
Senate. 
Mr. ANTHONY. Is this a motion to post- 
pone the order of the day, so as to continue this 
debate, or simply to allow the Senator from Ken- 
tucky to finish his remarks? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
understood it was a motion to postpone the order 
of the day, in order to continue the discussion on 
the motion to print the petition. 
The Secretary proceede(l to call the roll. 
Mr. SUMNER (when his name was called) 
said: I desire to give the Senator from Kentucky 
an opportunity to be heard; and therefore I vote 
yea. " 
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 21; 
as follows: 
YEAS —Messrs. Baker, Bayard, Bigler, Bragg, Cling-' 
man, Crittenden, Dixon, Douglas, Fitch, Foster, Green, 
Hemphill, Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Polk, Powell, 
Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Thomson, 
and Wigfan—23. 
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand- 
ler, Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, 
Grimes, Hale, King, Latham, Pearce, Seward, Simmons, 
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21. 
So the motion to postpone all prior orders was 
agreed to. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 am not surprised 
that. Senators rnanifest such an anxiety to do 
what is called the business of the session, and to 
proceed to that. 
I take no exception to it; no 
offense at it whatever. It is but little that I havc 
to say, and it would have been said in less time 
than has been occupied in determining this ques- 
tion. 
I thought the gentleman *vvas not exactly 
correct in stating tho effect of the resolutions in- 
troduccd by me; and I wish to say a word in ref- 
crence to those points which he has selected. 
Ele says we ask guarantees in the Constitution 
for the protection of slavery in the Territories. 
By those resolutions, in all the territory north of 
the line designated, slavery is prohibited; all south 
of it, which, in reference to our present territory, 
is nothing more than the Territory of New Mex- 
ico, the most sterile and worthless of its extent 
upon this whole continent, is reserved for the 
South; and how, sir? That slavery, as it now 
exists there, as a matter of fact, shall be recoa- 
nized as existing; and that it shall continue until 
the population of the 'Perritory warrants its ad- 
mission into the Union as a State. The people 
are then to decide for themselves, as they please, 
whether they will have slavery or not. 'I'hat is 
the proposition, and that only. What principle 
does this conflict with? All California—that vast 
and rich territory—has been already converted 
into a free State, and New Mexico is alt that re- 
mains of our conquest from Mexico. From all 
the rest, the South—the slaveholding portion of 
the community—are excluded. We do not ask 
you here to initiate slavery; we do not ask you 
to introduce slavery; we ask you simply to admit 
the fact that slavery docs now exist by law in the 
Territory of New Mexico, and simply to agree 
that it shall continue so to exist until It becomes 
a State; that is all. 
This, the gentleman says, would violate prin- 
ciple. What principle? Any principle of equity 
or justice as between the several States of the 
Umon? Is there any constitutional principle to 
be violated? It may violate notions and opinions 
which gentlemen entertain outside of the Consti- 
tution; it may violate anti-slavery notions; but it 
does not violate the Constitution; nor, so far as 
I have heretofore understood it, does it violate 
even the notions of the Republican party. They 
go against the extension of slavery. I thought 
their doctrine was to let it rest where it existed, 
but not to extend it; and now here a question 
comes up, whether you will recognize it as it in 
point of fact exists, and as you know it to exist, 
I and allow it to remain until the people, by com- I 
ing into the Union as a State, have the right to I 
As a mere question of equity between equal part- 
ners ii the Commonwealth, is it too great a con- 
cession? Is it more than an equal, or a ratable, 
or an equitable proportion? Certainly, I think, 
it cannot be said to be. It violates nothing but 
some dogma that has been sometimes asserted by 
extreme members of the Republican party, that 
no slavery shall be allowed to exist in any Terri- 
tory, and that no future slave State shall be ad- 
mitted into the Union. It mav violate that dogma; 
but, sir, does not this occasion call upon us to 
make sacrifices, if they are necessary , for the pres- 
ervation of-peace and union in the country? That 
is a queétion submitted to the people of the United 
States; that is a question submitted to us. 
Your platform, gentlemen, [addressing the Re- 
publican Senators,] is a little thing of but a hands- 
breadth , manufactured by a few politicians. You 
are governing a great nation. Are you to look 
to that platform, or look to the nation which you 
have been called, in the course of Providence, to 
govern? Is it a fitting measure by which to gov- 
ern the nation? Although every principle an- 
nounced in the platform may be dear to your 
hearts, would you not sacrifice it rather than see 
secession and revolution go on, and this country 
be necessarily dismembered? You are pledged 
by every principle of the Constitution, by every 
principle of morality, by your own platfbrrn, to 
preserve the Union of this country. You obtained 
confidence from the country by that pledge! De- 
votion to the Union was assumed by you as a 
peculiar principle and a peculiar duty of your 
party. That is forgotten. When you cannot 
carry out all your notions and preserve the Union, 
is it better to let the Union go, and preserve every 
little peculiarity of doctrine, of opinion, which 
you may entertåin; not of the essence of the Con- 
stitution, not belonging to the Constitution; but 
which, according to your fancy and notions of 
morality, you may desirc to see carried into effect ? 
Will you carry all these into effect, and lot the 
Union go down and be destroyed? That is the 
question. These twenty-two thousand patriotic 
citizens of Massachusetts have said, let the Union 
be preserved; and so, gentlemen, I persuade my- 
self that you yourselves will say. 
Mr. SUMNER. Every citizen of Massachu- 
setts will say, let the Union be preserved. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And, if possible, with- 
out the use of arms, or force, or bloodshed. 
Mr. CLARK. Or compromise. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. is 
your word. 
Mr. CLARK. " Or compromise, " 
I said. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 do not understand 
the gentleman. 
Mr. CLARK. I said or compromise," fol- 
lowing the language of the Senator from Ken- 
tucky. 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Compromise is a word 
that seems to be rejected. I do not. consider that 
I am asking a compromise or a concession; but 
gentlemen denominate it so who want to assume 
themselves to be donors in this matter. They 
yield nothing of their constitutional right, accord- 
mg to my notion. It is you who call it compro- 
mise, and then make war upon the word that you 
yourselves use; but am willing to so call it; I 
am willing even so to accept it, if it would be 
granted in any form; but you condemn it in that 
language; you condemn it by that name. Well, 
sir, that is all I desire to say liow. I wish to create 
no excited or heated debate. We have great ques- 
tions probably before us yet. 
I wish to avoid 
everything like personality or invective or heart- 
burning here, that we may reserve ourselves calm 
and wise to the last, and endeavor to save our 
country. I believe it is necessary to save it. 
1 
believe, gentlemen, that you must do somethinT, 
or the country cannot be saved. The question 
is, whether you will hang now upon little points 
and little questions—comparatively little; com- 
pared to the preservation of the Union, small and 
Insignificant indeed—which of them you will let 
pass by, if, in your consciences, you think you 
are making a sacrifice. 
1 have said before, that here, on this occasion, 
I do not present myself as the advocate of slavery, 
but as the advocate of the Union, 
It is thei•e that 
decide it för themselves. That is the whole sub- 
'i 1 stand; und my honest efforts are directed to that 
stance of the proposition, when you exclude from end, to preserve my relations to thc North, to 
it after-acquired territory. Where the principle preserve my relations as countrymen in this Union 
of the Constitution that this violates? Nowhere. II with you and every one of you. 
I do not hate 
