866 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12, 
uponz all imported goods; and besides all this, 
when honest contracts are urged for payment, 
when the creditors of the Government are beg- 
ging you to pay them, they are put off with the 
poor and miserable plea, that we have not money 
to pay; men who have credited this Government 
for eighty years, who have advanced money and 
have never received it back, are to be pushed 
aside on the poor plea that.we are not able to pay 
them -now, and when you undertake to pay them 
the plea is urged, also, that the Government is 
presumed always td be ready, and therefore you 
will not pay interest—in this contingency and 
under this state of things we are asked to appro- 
priaté $1,200,000 to build seven new steamers ! 
I ask this question, and I want the country to 
respond to it, whethcr thc Senatc docs or not: is 
there such a pressi ng necessity as to require of us 
toborrow money for that purpose—for it is to bor- 
row money ? 'Ito what purposes are these steam- 
ers to be applied? Why is it at this time, when 
our resources are less than they have been for 
many years, when our credit is lower than it has 
been for a long number of years, why is it now 
deemed necessary to borrow #1,200,000 to build 
seven new steamers? This would have 
been pertinent; it is now pcrtincnt; it will remain 
pertinent; but the purpose was disclosed in the 
speech of the honorable Senator from New York. 
I do not mean the thin, keen-visaged, eagle-eyed 
Senator, but I mean the bellicose Senator, (laugh-. 
tor,] whose voice is still for war, whose object is 
to involve us in serious, deadly conflict; and he 
says he wants them to coerce sovereign States. 
Why, sir, when we have been begging for some 
private clåims of a few dollars, the cry was, we 
had not the money; and when we answered it and 
said: all we .want is an acknowledgment of the 
debt; wo will take your credit for them," a deaf 
ear was turned to us. When an application for 
thousands, but 
to build a railroad to the Pacific was made, it was 
adoptcd almost by acclamation. When the re- 
sources from the Dublic lands, amounting to 
$3,500,000 annually; , were proposed to bc taken 
away by a homestead bill, to give to the vama- 
bonds and scoundrels sent out from your over- 
grown' cities, that was adopted with avidity. You 
vote away all your resources; you vote away 
$120,000,000. When we ask you to pay an hon- 
est you say you havo not "0t the money, 
and you will not therefore acknowledge it. Then 
you get up and say, give us #1,200,000 to build 
seven new steamers for war purposes, to coerce 
thoxe States who deem themselves injured, and, 
in the exercise of their soverei«rn rights, choose 
to say they secede from the Union. 
Mr. Prcsident, it resolves itsclf into this ques- 
tion 
—not the protection of public property; not 
the enforcenient of the laws; but, has any State 
a richt to secede; and if she hus the right under 
any circ.urnstanc.os and in any contineency, who 
is to bc the 
judge of the circumstanecs that jus- 
tify it? If ihc .Vederal Goverinnent is to be thc 
judge, the rifflit does not exist. 'I'hat is a denial 
ef the right. 
If lhc State is to bc thc judge, that 
is an admission of the right. Who then to be 
the judge; and if a wrong decision is made, on 
•whom does the responsibility filll, and what con- 
sequences arc to follow? Talk to mc about en- 
forcing the law! Why, sir, thero is no man in 
thie Uhited States but what says ' 'enforce the 
but enforce it where? Enforce it where 
vou havc jurisdiction; enforce it over your Union. 
That does not still meet the question ; for if a State 
the right to secede and does secede, she is no 
longer a part of the Union; and the enforcement i 
of the law within the Union does not include the 
right to enforce it in a seceding State. Protect 
public property, you say ? So say I. M/ hateveris 
public property, protect; protect it against John 
Brown and Montgomery and the Abolition hordes 
who rush into Missouri and Virginia. That is a 
not send your. Armyand your Navy thereto pro- 
tect it. You own it asa mere proprietor, and you 
are subjects to the local law, the k w of Great Brit- 
ain. You have public property in other parts of 
the- world, but you cannot protect it with military 
power. You can negotiate and insist upon a pro- 
tection of your rights; but that is all. 
Have you public property in South Carolina? 
for I intend to reduce this question to its simple 
elements. I answer, you have not onc single par- 
ticle. The right to secede is a question that I 
postpone for after consideration. If, however, the 
right to secede is admitted, whatever forts, maga- 
zines, arsenals, or other public property had been 
purchased, made, constructed, or improved by the 
Federal Government, cease to be public property 
of the Union; they follow, necessarily, the action 
of the local sovereignty. Fort Sumter this day is 
wrongfully held by this Government; it isan actof 
war against the State of South Carolina. But you 
say, the Federal Government built it. 
I answer, 
yes; with the consent of the State. When ? When 
that State was a part of the Federal Union. For 
whose benefit? To protect Washington city? No. 
To protect New York? No. 'To protect Boston? 
No. To protect Charleston? Yes. Now, a fort 
built for t,hc purpose of protecting the city of 
Charleston, is, it seems, to have its ponderous 
guns turned and their frowninff mouths directed 
against the very city for whose benefit it was 
crected. 
Whose money paid for it? you may ask. I 
answer, the money of the Federal Treasury. You 
then will ask this additional question: if the Fed- 
eral Treasury built the fort, and manned the fort, 
and armed the fort, althouTh it -was intended for 
the protection of South Carolina, can South Car- 
olinn, by an act of secession, rcclaim that and take 
Federal property? I ffive you this answer: South 
Carolina contributed duc proportion for the 
l)uilding of all the forts; and she contributed as 
much to build Fort Columbus, and every northern 
fort, and every other southern fort as she did to 
build Fort Scunt.cr; so that, in the adjustment of 
the accounts, there is no injustice done to any por- 
tion of the Union. She fraid to build Fort Mc- 
Henry, Fortress Monroe, Fort Columbus, and all 
the other forts stretching from her northern line 
around tn the extremc West—even along the great 
lakes. She paid her full proportion ; and if we paid 
our proportion for Fort. Sumter, it is no injustice 
to divide. 
For what object was it erected? It was erected 
to protect the bity of Charleston and the State of 
South Carolina. Butl will go a step further than 
I say therc never was an instance in the 
that. 
history of the world, where a State seceded or 
revolutionized, when t.hc act was cornplete, that 
any other State claimed the forts within hcr lim- 
I shall hereafter come to thc point whether 
its. 
the act is yot complete or not; but I do say there 
never •wvns nn instance—you may search the rec- 
Ok'ds of the world—where a State revolutionizes 
or withdraws from an association of States, that 
any other Power claimed a fort situated in her 
limits. 
Hence, when you talk aboutprotccting the prop- 
ct•ty tho United States, everybody will say that 
is but. iL leaves thc question still unanswered, 
what is the property of the United States. When 
you talk about enforcing thc laws within the 
jurisdiction of tho United States, everybody res- 
ponds, yes; but it leaves the. question still unan- 
swcrcd, what aro the limits of the United States. 
Hence, the svhole of it, disguise it as you may, 
resolves itself into this one question: has the State 
the right to secede, and has the State, in fact, se- 
ceded? challengc the world to meet that ques- 
Lion, if concede the right and the fact. There 
arc two points in it: the right, and the ecercise of 
the right. You may concede the right to all 
States; for if it exists with one, it exists with all. 
They arc all on perfect terms of equality; every 
different question. But what is public. property? State in t.his Union acquired since the original 
That property which is appropriated to public 
purposes ccithin the Union; not property outside 
of the Union. 
You have public property at Spezzia, on the 
Mediterranean; but I venture to say, that you will 
not send your Army and your Navy and your 
seven new steamers there, if the Government there 
says the circumstan ces of that coun try rcquire you 
to desist. You have public property in the city of 
London, where your minister resides. You will 
thirteen formed the Confederation, is on exact 
terms of equality; and a Union not bascd upon 
terms of equality would not be worth preserving. 
Individuals may rise in a community, violate 
the laws, and subject thernselves to punishment; 
but that never mccts the real question that we 
, have to consider. Our Government is one of its 
own peculiar kind. This association of States is 
such a one as never existed before; and if broken 
up by the misconduct of its members, it will never 
have its cpunterpart. Individuals in a single Gov- 
ernment can commit treason, can commit rebel- 
lion, can violate the laws. 
Individuals in an 
associated Government can do the same things. 
But in regard to a State—a member of the asso- 
ciation—it brings up a different question for con- 
sideration. A county in a State is an- integral 
part of the State; an individual of a State is an 
Integral part of a State; but this Federal Govern- 
ment is, as expressed by Mr. Calhoun, a multi- 
ple of units. Each State being an entirety, an 
entity, a thing of itself, having power to breathe 
and exist, it goes into this multiple by its own 
voluntary action. 
In all such cases, every sovereignly can go out 
of its own voluntary action, it being an entirety 
and a unit, and not a few individuals; and all this 
talk about coercing springs from a confounded 
notion of thought—I mean an uncomprehended 
consideration of the subject, that they are indi- 
viduals, and not State sovereignties. They con- 
found the idea, and undertake to liken a Statc in 
the Union to a county in a State; but more differ- 
ent ideas could not possibly be presented. A 
county in a State is a fragment of a State; a State 
in the Union is an entirety; it is a unit; i 
voluntary member of an association. The county 
is no voluntary member, because every county in 
a State but one may vote for a law, and yet that 
one be bound by it. Any county in a State, there- 
fore, that revolts; any fragment of a united sover- 
eignty that flies off; any segment of an entire 
circle that is broken, in a political sense, is rebel- 
lion; but when you take an association resting 
upon volition, resting upon consent, and that con- 
sent is withdrawn, and the determination is ex- 
pressed to cease to be in the association, that 
State is no longer one of thc Confederation. I 
know the question may be asked: what will jus- 
tify such an act? I will not answer; and why? 
have no riffht. to answer. 
The State must take thc responsibility; the State 
itself, is the judge of what will justify it. 
other power is the judge, the right does not exist; 
and to Eissert that any other power is the judge, is 
to deny the right. Each State must judge for 
itself. But suppose the State judges wrongfully 
and decides improperly, and on mere pretense 
says: We will dissolve the association into 
which we havc honorably entered ; ' ' 
then the 
State has done wrong. Who is to punish the 
State? Nobody. Who is to condemn the State? 
The enlightened judgment of mankind. That is 
all. There is no other tribunal that can possibly 
pass judgment upon her. Who passed judgment 
upon' the Revolution of 1776? The enlightened 
judgment of the world. Was that war, waged by 
George Ill, on the advice of his ministers, a right- 
ful or a wrongful ',var? Everybody in the United 
States says it was a wrongful war, What was 
thc object of that war? To reduce the thirteen 
colonies to subjection. Why was it a x,vrongful 
N.var? Did not these colonies belong to Great 
Britain? Yes. Were, they not subject to the 
control of the British Crown? Yes. -Did they •not 
throw off their allegiance and renounce it, say- 
ing that they would hold England, as they did all 
the rest of the world, in peace friends, in war en- 
emics? Yes. Was not this rebellion? Yes. If 
it was a rebellion, even a case of rebel}ion you say 
was justifiable, and a war Inade against rebels wras 
a wrongful war. Every man, woman, and child 
in the United States says even that. Recollect, 
the colonies were not component parts ofa Gov- 
ernment, formed by tho voluntary action of in- 
dependent communities. They were colonies 
planted, conquered , or purchased by Great Britain. 
Even in that case, everybody says the vv'ar was 
a wrongful war, brought on by the improper ac- 
tion of the ministers of George Ill. 
If that be 
true, how much stronger, how much more palpa- 
ble, qnd how much more extraordinary would it 
be if herein an association of equals—each one 
coming in by its own consent, and each one goin«y 
out by its own consent—when one goes out, you 
are to undertake to exercise military poWer and 
control, aid bring on war by the action of the. 
Federal Government. Who would be the wronr-r- 
ful actor in this light? It would bc the Federal 
Government. 
I do not anticipate any great diffi- 
culty, because I know the good sense, I know the 
sound judgment, and I know the warmth of heart 
of the 'American people Will prevent all of this; 
and the few politicians who, to make themselves 
