1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
871 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Missouri asks the consent of the Senate to 
withdraw the motion madc by him to reconsider 
the vote on tho passage of the Indian appropria- 
tion bill. Unless okiection be made, It will be 
taken that thc Senate consent. The motion to 
reconsider is withdrawn. 
INDIAN TROUBLE*ON PACIFIC. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 move that the Senate now 
proceed to the consideration of eXecutive busi- 
ness, and I will state, as a special reason, that 
there are some sixteen postmasters whose terms 
have expired. 
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senator will allow me 
to introduce a rcsolution of inquiry. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the sen- 
ator from Oregon give way? 
Mr. BIGLER. I have not given way. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is 
that the Senate proceed to the considcration of 
executivc business. The Chair •rcco€rnized the 
Senator from Oregon upon that motion, and as 
the Senator from Texas addressed the Chair, the 
Chair asked the Senator from Oregon if he gave 
way to the Senator from Texas. 
Mr. LANE. I will do so in a moment. Idc- 
sire to state that my obiect in asking t.his favor 
is to introduce a resolution for reference to the 
Committcc on Indian Affairs, and I hope the Sen- 
ator will altow me that opportunity. It wilt not 
take a moenent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen. 
ator from Pennsylvania withdraw the motion for 
the )t.u• ose indicat.ed? 
I-or BIGLER. I cannot withdraw the motion; 
but thc resolution can be received by common 
consent. 
Mr. LANE. I wish merely to send to the 
Committee on Indian Affairs an inquiry which I 
desire to make. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
tion can only be reccived by unanimous consent. 
The Chair hears no objection. 
•The resolution of Mr. LANE, was received and 
agreed to, by unanimous consent, as follows: 
Resolocd, That the Committce on Indian Affairs bc in- 
structe.d to inquire into the expediency of providing for a 
settlement of the existing difliculties bctwecn the Nez Pcr- 
Cés tribe of Indians and the settler*, by entering into ne- 
gotiations for the cession of that portion of the Nez Percés 
reserve lying nm•th of the Snake river and the Clearwater ; 
and to report, by bill or otherwise, 
EXECUTIVE SESSION. 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. 
I cali the at- 
Mr. WIGFALL. Allow me. 
tention of the Senate to a ioint rc•solution for the 
benefit of George H. Giddings. 
I ask the Senate 
to take it up and pass it.. 'I'llC report was printed 
thc other day; and I bc!ievo, as far as I know, 
that everybody is satisfied of the jt_tsticc of it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' The Chair can 
entertain the motion by unanimous consent only. 
The Chair hears no objection. 
Mr. WILKINSON.• 
I o biect. 
The PRESIDING iCER. Objection be- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless thesen- 
ator from Pennsylvania withdraws the motion to 
go into executive session, the Chair cannot enter- 
tain any other motion, except by the unanimous 
consent of the Senate. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. 1 object to taking up the 
bill of the Senator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. BIGLER. i do not withdraw my motion. 
It is not debatable. 
Mr. KING. I hopé we shall take the question. 
NV e can take the question in less time than we 
consume in talking about it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to proceed to the consideration 
of executive business. 
Mr. WIGFALL. I understand thc Senator 
from Rhode Island withdraws his objection to tho 
joint resolution which I desire the Senate to 
take up. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 made no oujection. 
Mr. POLK. It was the Senator from Min- 
nesota. 
Mr. BIGLER. I insist on a vote on my mo- 
tion, and it is not a debatable ckuestion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICLR. The motion 
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is, that the Sen- 
ate now proceed to the consideration of executive 
business; and, without the unanimous consent of 
the Senate, no other motion can be entertained, 
and his motion must be dircctly put. 
Mr. KING. 1 ask for the vote. 
Mr. BIGLER called for the yeas and nay* and 
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted— 
yeas 25, nays 24; as follows: 
Bigler, Bragg, Bright, 
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bayard, 
Clingtnau, Douglas, Fitch, Green, I-lake, I•lcmphilj, Hunter, 
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson o? 'Pennessee, Lane, La- 
than), Mason, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Ricc, Saulsbury, E.e- 
bastian, 'L'hmnson, aud 
Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand- 
lcr, Clark, Collainer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, 
Foot, Foster, Grin.es, Harlan, King, Morrill, Seward, Silli- 
Inons, Hu nnjcr, 'l_ten Eyck, 'I'rumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, 
and VVilson—24. 
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate 
proceeded to the consideration of cxecutive busi- 
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors 
were reopcncd, and the Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
TUESDAY, February 12, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
bv the Chaplain, Rev. Ti10MAs I-I. STOCKTON. 
71" he Journal of yesterday was rcad and approved. 
NATIONAL CONVENTION. 
Mr. A DRAIN , 'by unanimous consent, pre- 
scnted the memorial of a large number of citizens 
of thc third conm•essional district of New Jersey, 
in favor of a national convention of all the States 
on the existing diflic.ulties in the public affairs; 
which was laid upon the table. 
ORDNANCE, ETC. 
The SPEAKER laid before the I-louse a com- 
munication from the Secretary of War, trans- 
mitting a Icttcr from the chief of ordnance, em- 
bodying an cstimate for increased appropriations 
il.sg made, the motion cannot he received. 
Mr. POLK. I understood the Senator from for the armament of fortifications with ordnance, 
Texas to move to take up the joint resolution • 
' ordnance stores, and supplies rendered necessary 
and I suppose it is proper for the Senate to pass by recent events, and a recommendation that the 
Army appropriation bill may be amended accord- 
on that motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a 
ingly; which was referred to the Committee of 
tion before the Senate, which t.he Senator from Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed. 
Pennsylvania does not withdraw; and the Chair 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS MICHIGAN. 
cannot entertain any motion whilo that is pend- 
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan , by unanimous con- 
ing, unless by unanimous consent. 
i sent, presented joint resolutions of the State of 
Mr. -BIGLER- I hope we shall have a vote 
Michigan relative to the state of the Union; which 
on my motion. 
•severe laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Let this joint resolution bc 
Also, joint resolutions of the same. State, in 
taken up. 
Mr. BIGLER. There is objection made on the opposition to the renewal of the patent for Mc- 
Cormick's reaping machine; which' were referred 
other side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is; and to the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be 
tho Chair cannot entertain the motion of the Sen- 
printed. 
ator from Texas, objection being made. 
PARISII OF SAINT MATTHEW'S CHURCH. 
Mr. BIGLER. i' insist on a vote. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish the Senator would I MI'. CARTER, by unanimous consent, from 
withdraw his motion for a moment, in order to the Committee for tho District of Columbia, ro- 
thewis church, in the JCity Of. Washington, Dis- 
trict of Coiunåbia, to Sell certain •10t'S of gröåiid 
deeded to the priest of said parish by the: lute 
William Easby, Commissioner of Public* Build- 
ings and Grounds, and known in the platofsaid 
Washington city as lots Nos. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 
12, 13, and 14, in square No. 236; the proceeds of 
such sale to be applied to the uses and benefit of 
the said parish. 
The bill was ordered to lie read a third time; 
and it was accordingly read the third time, and 
passed. 
Mr. CARTER move to reconsider the vote by 
which the bill was passed; and also moved that 
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS. 
CARTER. 1 that a day be set apart 
for the consideration of the business of the Dis- 
trict of Columbia. There are bills relating to this 
District which ought to be passed. 
Mr. PRYOR objected. 
CONDITION OF TREASURY. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 send to the Clerk to be 
read a communication from the Secretary of the 
Treasury. 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
T RF.hStJRV DEPARTMENT, February 1 ] 1861. 
SIR : deem It my duty to call your attention to •the 
pressing demands on the 'I'reasury, and to suggest the only 
practicable mode Of meeting them without seriously im- 
pairing the public credit. The liabilities due, and to fall 
due betöre the 4th of March next, are as follows : 
. $116,868 52 
For the State Departlnent..... • • 
57 
For the interior Departmcnt...... • 
00 
For the I'Var Department.. 
00 
For t.hc Navy Department. ..... 
700,000 00 
For the Post Office Department... 
Requisitions of War and Navy Departments 
1,852,925 19 
not complied with... 
Treasury notes falling due before the 4th of 
00 
March 
501,423 36 
For the Treasury Department.. 
78,220 50 
For the Light-House Board 
465,521 86 
Fishing bounties due, (estimated,). 
. , . .. 00 
Total.... 
The accruing revenues will, it is estimated, meet. about 
one million nine Ilundred thousand dollars of the amount, 
leaving to be borrowed. There is in the rrreas- 
ury, subject to thc draft of the Treasurer of the United 
States, but little more than five hundred thousand dollars, 
and thcrc are requisitions in the Treasury Department 
an-tounting to nearly two million dollars unanswered. 
In the present condition of the country, it wouid be im- 
possible to borrow thc money needed to Ineet the wants of 
the Treasury, unless at a discount which would seriously 
impair the public credit, without some pledge in addition to 
that ofthe fåith of the Govermnent. Several ofthe States, in 
accordance with a suggestion contained in my letter to your 
committee, of the 18th of January last, have offered to su- 
peradd a pledge of their faith to that of the United States 
tt)r the redemption of any bonds it may issue'to the amount 
of the public moneys depositcd with them, respectively, for 
safe-keeping, under the act of the 23d of June, 1836. If 
Congress will authorize these oners to be accepted, the 
money required to meet the liabilities due, and to iäll duo 
before the 4th of March, can be obtained at par. If the au- 
thority is not granted, I am satisfied it can only be procured 
on terms which would be exceedingly disadvantageous to 
the Government and in the highest degree detrimental to 
should not venture to ask for a loan ex- 
to its credit. 
ceeding $2 000,000 ; and nearly the whole of this amount 
would be required to meet the redemption of Treasury notes 
to fall due before the 4th of March. There would be due 
on that day, about six million, dollars to public creditors, 
whose demands could not remain unsatisfied without sub- 
jccting them to the most serious, and, in some cases, rhin- 
ous losses. 
I have discharged my duty to them, and to the country, 
by rnaking this exhibit of the public wants, and in pointing 
out the only mode by which, in my judgment, they can be 
met without the Inost serious consequences to the interests 
of the Government and individuals to whom it is indebted. 
The short timc to elapse before the close of the present 
session of Congress, renders it indispensable that I should 
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant, 
JOHN A. mx, 
Secretary of the Treasury. 
lion. J0HN SHERMAN, 
Chairman gf the Committee of Ways and Means. 
Mr. SHERMAN. am directed by the Com- 
mittee of Ways and Moans to report, in pursu- 
ance of that letter from the Secretat•y of War, a 
bill which I now, somewhat reluctantly, ask may 
be put on its passacye. 
Mr. GARNET(ii. 1 object to the bill being 
as the unfinished business, if we into execu- the parish of Saint church, in the city II It is a to authorize the 
I' rnove to take up House bill No. of VYTasbington, with the recommendation that Secretary of the Treasury to accept guarantees 
from any State, of stock of the United States, to 
tive session. 
the bill be passed. 
to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the duties The bill was read. It authorizes and empowers I \ the amount of public money deposited. 
Charles J. YVhitc, parish priest of Saint Mat- Mr. GARNETT. I have regard enough for 
on imports, and for other purposes. 
