1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
875 
of the stocks held in trust. by the head of the Department 
for the benefit of' the Indians, collect the interest thereon 
as it rnay become due, and see that the same is properly 
paid into the public Treasury." A bond was required of him, 
'.vhich he subsequently executed, in the penal sum of$5,fJG0 
with Benjamin McCullough, of Texas, and Wrn. C. Cor- 
rier, of Charleston, South Carolina, as securities. This 
bond was acknowledged before Moses Kelly, justice of the 
peace, and its sumciency certified to by Philip Barton Key, 
United States district attorney. It was then approved by 
J. Copies of thc appointment and bond will 
be found among the accompanying docu:nents. 'l'he cvi- 
dencc shows that Mr. Dailey camc to Washington a bank- 
rupt in fortune, and a political advcnturer seeking office. 
He brought with him, however, the highest tcstimonials of 
confidence and respect from various distinguished men in 
Alaba:na, where he lived, and in South Carolina, where he 
was born, and had previously resided. Being a man of 
acknowledged talents, with these evidences of capacity 
and respectability, we are not surprised that thc Socrctary 
of tho interior reposed confidence in him. While he 
should, perhaps, havc exercised a more watchful guardian- 
ship over thc stocks, and the Illovements of' his subordi- 
nates, it cannot bc inferred that he was intentionally negli- 
gent of his duty. Any other public functionary might have 
been deceived in•thc same way. 
THE ABSTRACTED BONDS. 
All the stocks, including those that were abstracted, were 
kept in the room in tbc Interior Department occupied by 
Mr. Bailey, in a safb, the key of which was in his sole pos- 
accompanying extract, marked B will 
session. 
show the character and respective amounts ofthe abstracted 
bonds, as well as the States by which they were issued, 
except in this—that the whole ainount, as shown by said 
abstract, is eight hundred and seventy-two, of $1,000 each, 
whcn, in fact;Mr. Bailey delivered to Mr. VVilliam H. Rus- 
scll eight hundred and seventy only. One of the other two 
is accounted {Or by the corrcspondence between Mr. FITCH 
and -Mr. Bailey, already referred to. The reason ',vhy the 
remaining one is embraced in the abstract, and was included 
in the published list, is explained by the cvidence of Mr. 
Henry Beard, the fhitilful custodian of the bonds under Sec- 
retary McClelland. 
in the advertisement, eight hundred 
Mt. Beard says, 
and seventy-one bonds were embraced. The Indian bond 
handed to Mr. FITCH, as stated, was not crnbraced. It oc- 
curred in this Ivay: it needed only one hundred and forty- 
threc 'I'ennessee bonds to c.01nplete the eight hundred and 
seventy missing; but our office book, or lisl. or bonds, as 
prepared by Bailey, indicated one hundred and forty-fOur 
as tnissing. The Secretary directed us to include all the 
one hundred and forty-föur, as at that time sorne uncertainty 
was felt whether there might not be more thau cight hun- 
'I'he advertisenu-•nt wag pre- 
dred and scventy inissing. 
pared in haste, and before the full investigation by Mr. Lam- 
mond, Mr. Williamson, and myself was completed." 
"l'o avoid the inconvenience of referring to abstract B 
your committee will state that ninety-nine of these bonds 
were issued by the State of Missouri for the St. Louis and 
Iron Mountain railroad, ninety by the same State for the 
Hannibak and St. Joseph road, one hundred and thirty for 
the North Missouri road, fifty-one for the Missouri Pacific 
road ; seventy-two by the State of North Caroiina, dated 
January, 1856 ; one hundred and four by the saxnc State, 
dated July, 1857; one htmdred and nineteen by the saine 
State, dated January, 1857; forty-five by the same State, 
dated October, 1856; two by the same State, dated April, 
; fifteen by the samc State, dated October, 1857; tour- 
teen by the Statc of 'I'ennessee, dated January, 1852 ; fivc 
of the same State, dated January, 1854; ten of the same 
State, dated January, 1855; fi)rty by the same State, dated 
January, 1.856 ; and seventy-live by the s•mne State, dated 
Januarv, 1857. 
Soma di{liculty occurred in the identification of the North 
Carolina bonds. Several witnesses stated that they held 
bonds whose numbers corresponded with those given in a 
printcd list, and as they had been held by themselves, or 
tbosc from whom they obtained thctn, long before those in 
the Interior Department were abstracted, tbey int•errcd that 
the list was incorrect. The solution of the difficulty or mis- 
understanding may be found in this: the State of North 
Carolina issued bonds to aid in various enterprises, and 
these were divided into ckasses, each class bearing a diflin•- 
ent date, yet having a precisely similar series of numbers. 
A party might, thereföre, hold a bond whose number cor- 
responded with anumbcr on the printed list, but the bonds 
wonld not be identical, because belonging to separate 
classes, designated by dates. There seems to have 
been no cause tor sirnilar inistakes in reference to the bonds 
issued by other States. 
NEGOTIATIONS BETWEEN MR. RUSSELL AND MR. BAILEY. 
VViiliam (l. Russell is the head of the housc of Russell, 
Majors & VVaddc!l, a firm widely known as contractors 
"Vith the War Department for transporting Army provisions 
over the western and southwestern plains. Mr. Russell 
stated to the committee that hc had heard in Ncsv York of 
such a man as Mr. Bailey, although he did not exactly re- 
mernbc•r his nmnc, who had been in that city to sell Chi- 
riqui securities and Florida bonds, thc latter for Mr. Yulee, 
a Senat.or from that State. I.Vhcn asked frotn whom he re- 
ceived his information. he gave the answer usually resorted 
to in such eases, namely: be could not remember. 
next heard of Mr. Russell is, that hc is on his way from New 
York to Washington, in colnpany with Luke Lea, Esq., a 
Mr. Lea formerly Comruis- 
banKer in thc lat:.er city. 
sioner of Indian Affairs, and is a partner of Mr. Russell in 
the banking business at Leavenworth, Kansas. 
In a conversation that ensued between them, Mr. Russell 
madc known to Mr. Lea his embarrassed circumstances, 
and asked if he (Alit Lea) did not know of' sonle onc that 
, (Mr. Russell.) Mr. Lea answered in the 
could assist him 
negative. ile states in his testilnony that. Afr. Russell sug- 
gested that he had heard of a inan in VVashington, by the 
nanne of Bailor or Bactey, who was a relation of Governor 
Fioyd, and an for the negotiation or sale ot' stocks, 
and asked his friend if he, knew hilli. Mr. Loa was again 
but stated that he knew 
(-unnpelled to •rive a necra• ive, 
a man there by the name of Ba41ey; and Mr. Russell said 
that he supposed that hc was the man ot• whom he was in 
search. 
It is very evident, froni Mr. Lea's examination, that he 
was both an artful and unwilling-witness. He had to be 
pressed with great pertinacity to induce him to disclose 
what he knew, and even then his answers were so inter- 
spersed with irre\evantand equivocal remarks, designed to 
relieve hitn from suspicion of complicity, that your com- 
'nit-tee are compelled reluet.antly to notice the absence of 
the candor and frankness that they rnjglit reasonably ex- 
pect to find in his responses. Hc was compelled, however, 
to say that he. informed Mr. Russell that Mr. Bailey was in 
no condition to assist him ; that he had nostocks or money, 
and was as poor as anybody." Beiöt•e separating, Mr. 
Russell, seeming still to believe that aid might be obtained in 
the quarter indicated, requested Mr. Lea to see Mr. Bailey 
in regard to the Inatter. Mr. Lea complied with this re- 
quest, and stated to Mr. Bailey that Mr. Russell had sold, 
unless assistance was rendered, the acceptances of Gov- 
ernor Floyd would be protested, and hc would be compelled 
to retire fi•mn the Cabinet. Mr. Lea is, however, careful 
to state in his evidence, that he gave no intimation to N.I•r. 
Bailey that he rnight use the stocks he had in his charge be- 
longing to the Indian trust fund. Mr. C. G. Wagner, who 
is liearly related to Mr. Bailey, and in whose hands was 
first placed his confQ3ssion, states, in his evidence, given, 
your cormnittee are pleased to say, with full and honorable 
{'ran kness, that hc learncd from Mr. Bailey that Mr. Lea did 
Inention the stocks in the conversation between them. And 
indeed this would naturally be inferred, fi•om the fact that 
Mr. Lea was perféctly farniliar with the business of tbc De- 
partment, and knew that Mr. Bailey had the stocks in 
charge, and had no large connnand of privatc means. Mr. 
Lea admits that after the delivcry of the first installment of 
bonds to Mr. Russcil, he knew that Mr. Russell and Mr. 
Bailey were engaged in rifling the Indian trust safe ; Lhat 
they so contbsse,d to him; that he had conversations with 
thenl on the subject, and that he endeavored to dissuade 
them from further connnissions of the crime. 
Hc also statcs that he refrained from intörming the, Soc- 
retary of the Interior oc the transactions referred to, and 
that he exacted the Inost solemn pledges fronu his two 
friends that his natne should never be, publicly known in 
connection with the business. But his precautions have 
not availed to afford him entire exemption fronl responsi- 
bility in connection with the transactions yout committee 
have inquired into. Mr. Lea did not introduce Mr. Bailey 
to Mr. Russell, nor does he state that he appointed for thcnn 
a place of meeting; yet it happened that these two per- 
sons did mect at the iVar Department on the saine day that 
the interview between Mr. Lea and Mr. Bailey occurred. 
Mr. Russell says this was between the 12th and 15th days 
It was probably on the 13th day of that 
of last July. 
'.E'he chief clerk of the War Departnrent, Secre- 
111011th. 
tary Floyd's most intirnate fiviend, Colonel W. R. Drinkard, 
was the mcdiunt through whom the introduction 100k place. 
(hl that day they had their first interview at the War De- 
parttnent. Colonel Drinkard, as shown by his own evi- 
(fence, impressed Mr. Bailey with the bc}ief that Mr. Rus- 
sell was a gentleman of great respectability and pecuniary 
resources, and that, if the acceptances of the Secretary of 
War werc allowed to go to protest, he, (the Secretary) 
would be greatly agonized and disturbed." Messrs. Russell 
and Bailey held a private interview in the third story of the 
and, within a tow hours thereafter, Mr. Bailey 
Departnrel)t, 
deiivered to Mr. Russell $150,000 of bonds, at the room of 
the latter person, in Washington city, and, on the same 
evening, the recipient rcturned with to New York, 
Mr. R[FsseII states that he left with Mr. Bailey one note of 
Russell, Majors & in their stead, as security. 
Ninety of these one hundred and fifty bonds were Mis- 
souris, and the rest Tennessee.s. Mr. Russell does not re- 
collect, at first, whether or not the .January coupons were 
on the bonds ; but states that, subsequently, the most ot' 
the bonds were retired by him, in order to obtain those 
as hc (Bailey) was posi- 
coupons to return to Mr. Bailey, 
tivc in his request to bave thern returned. 'I'hesc cou- 
pons having been taken off, the bonds were afterwards 
disposed of. 'I'hc object was, of' course, to conceal the 
fraud ; for, if the coupons were on hand, it was not prob- 
able that the bonds would be dcnnanded or inquired tor. 
According to the statement of Mr. Russell, there was no 
further correspondence or eonnnunication between Mr. 
Bailey and hitnsclf until the September ihliowing. At that 
time he returned to VVashing1,on fbr the purpose of obtain- 
ing others. An iutervicw was held with Mr. Bailey, the 
result of which was, that three hundred and eight.y-seven 
bonds, in addition to thosc first taken, were transfOrred to 
Mr. Russell ou the following day. The protection of tho 
honor of Sccretary Floyd, the necessity of providing for the 
other acccptances and the bonds previously delivered, and 
which were alleged to have been hypothecated, were as- 
signed as the reasons requiring fnrthcr assistance. 
this, as in the first instance, the paper of Rusself, Majors & 
Waddell was leftas security, Mr. R.ussoll states that at this 
conference Mt. Bailey first int'orrned hifn that. the bonds in 
his possession belonged to Indian trust fund. It was 
the agrcémerit. that the bonds first taken should bc returned 
within ninety days ; but at the soeond interview, the time 
was extended to the of March, 1861. 
In October, Mr. Russell rcturned the South Carolina and 
Florida bonds, one hundred and fori,y• or fifty in ntunber, 
having ascertained that he could not negot.jate then), and 
North Carolina bonds were subst.itutcd in tbcir stead. iMr. 
Russell again appeared in VVashington in Decennbe,r Ik)ilow- 
ing, and on the grounds so successfully relied upon before, 
natnely: the protection of the War Departinent frotll dis- 
"race, and the bonds previously takon sacrifice, he 
'vas enabled to obtain t'rcrn Mr. Bailey three hundred aud 
thirty-three bonds, as an additional advance, niaking the 
entire number abst.raeted eight hnudred and seventy. From 
and third occasions, a}- 
the bonds obtained on the second 
readv refu•red to, it is evident. the Jan eoupotl.s were ent 
o{i', as a precaution arrainst (leteeUan. 'l'ennessce 
pons, belonaing to other bond* than those abetracted, were 
returned by Mr. Russell, doubtless bccause the abstracted 
'Vile tran>ac.tion last 
bonds had passed beyond his reach, 
referred -to appeare tQ _ha-ve closed -the business. relations 
of these two persons, so far; at least9 as" they related to -the 
abstraction of bonds 
MR. BAILEY'S MOTIVES FOR TAXING •'1ifiE •ZONDS. 
Why Mr. Bailey abstracted the bonds is. a question-tO 
which your committee can present no satisfactory answer. 
As he and Mr. Russell were entire strangers ,previotisly 
to their meeting at the War Department, neither the obli- 
gations of friendship nor- the suggestions of kindly feeling 
seem to have prompted the act. Mr. Russell insists that 
no money or other valuabic consideration ever passed to 
Mr. Bailey, or, indeed, was ever rnentioned in their inter; 
views. Mr. Bailey confirms tbis statement in various come 
municatlons which have reached your cotnmittce. It 
not ascertained, either, that Mr. Båiley came suddénly into 
the possession of any large amounts of money. His bank 
account was kept with Messrs. Riggs Co., of Washing- 
ton city, and Mr. Riggs testifies that between July and the 
13th of December, hid deposits increased laigely over Tor- 
Iner ones ; but amounted in thc aggregate to not more than 
five or six iboüsand dollars. ft is true that -this Sum is a 
large one to be ia the pog•gessiop a person whose salary 
was but $2,000 per annutn, and who was supporting a fam- 
ily ; yet it would not, of itself, constitute aground for grave 
suepieion, or afford a clew. to the discovery of the purposes 
of the abstractor. 
Mr. Bailey,-in his' eonversations with Various witnesses, 
stated that his design was to protect the eharacter of Gov- 
ernor Floyd, and to save hilli from the dishonor and retire- 
ment froin the Cabinet that would be necessarily incident 
to the protest and discovery of the acceptances wliich had 
been illegally issued to the firm of Russell, Majors- & 
Waddell. Whether this consideration was the sole motive 
of his conduct, it is left to the House to determine. Your 
committee are, however, con$rained to express the con- 
viction that bohind the events that have been made con- 
spicuous, and beneath the exterior of the transactions that 
have been described, is a purpose which, although suceess- 
fully hidden, was none the less powerful and c.flicient, and 
has given unity and vitality to the schelnes now partially 
exposed. 
MR. BAILEY'S CONFESSION. 
A part or the evidence adduced is found in a communi- 
cation frozn Mr. Bäiley, dated December 1, 1860, and ad- 
dressed to Hon. Jacob 'I'hompson, Secretary of the Interior, 
containing a statement that a portion of the bonds consti- 
tuting the Indian trust fund, amounting to $870,000, were 
no longer in his possession. This confession was, on the 
13th of December, placed in the hands of Mr. •Wagner, 
with the request that it should be delivered to the Secre- 
tary of tbc Interior five days before the expiration of his 
terna of office ; or, as Mr. Wagner understood it, five days 
betOre the 4th of March. On ihc 20th •of the saine month, 
Mr. Bailey addressed a note to Mr. Wagner, requesting that 
the note previously committcd to him (Mr. Wagner) should 
be given to the Secretary of the Interior immediately upon 
his return from North Carolina. Mr. Thozupson arrived on • 
the afternoon of the 22d of December. 
On the evening of that day the acceptances issued by the 
War Department, and the receipt given for the bonds by 
Mr. Russell, were handed to Mr. Thompson, at thc office 
of the President, in the Executive mansion, by Hon. H. M. 
RICE, United States Senator from Minnesota. No earlier 
intünation of the abstraction had reached Mr. Thompson. 
Your committee not designing to examine Mr. Bailey as a 
witness, the chairman addressed to Mr. RICE a note, and 
rro this he replied-that 
politely requested his attendance. 
lie would answer any question that might bc propounded 
to hiln, in writing. Seeing t.hat he stood so pertinaciously 
on his privilegc as a Senator, it was not thought consistent 
with the duty of the committee or dignity of -the House to 
press any further inquiries, unless the House shall so order. 
Had the original intention of withholding from the Sec- 
retary alf knowledge of the fraud unti\ within a few days of 
the 4th of March been carried out, the confusion incident 
to a change of administrative officers would have prevented 
prompt investigation, and deprived Mr. 'l'hompson of the 
means of immediate detonse. 
Mr. Bailey, in the exercise of forethought prudent to 
avoid detection, made up his stock account for the current 
year, showing on its face that all the bonds were satuy in 
his custody, and had caused its presentation to the Second 
Auditor, Mr- Fuller. That officer refused to approve it for 
the reason that the coupon account, designed to be a chcck 
upon it, did not accompany.it. It is, perhaps, to this re- 
fusai that may in part be attributed the early disclosure of 
the fraud. 
It will be observed that, while Mr. Bailey's statement is 
dated December l, 1860. and embraccs the entire number 
of bonds, and fixes the inonti) of July as i.hc tirne at which 
he intrusted thcm to other parties, tbc testilnony ot• Mr. 
Russell shows that they were not afl delivered at one, time, 
but that three hundrcd and thirty threo were transferred to 
him on the 13111 of December—nearly two weeks subse- 
quent to the date of Mr. Bailey's confession. The only 
satisfactory explanation that can be given Df this notice- 
able discrepancy is the supposition that the statement was 
actually prcparcd on the day it '*vas given to Mr. Wagner, 
and the day the last bonds were delivered to Mr. 
and dated wrongfully I)ecenlber , ' ' to allay any 
that Inight. be excited if it ••.verc seen that thc date of the 
abstraction was identical with the date of the last accept- 
ance which '.vas issued by the War Departinent, for the 
purpose, as your committee think, ot• making up a definite 
amount of securities. 
TRE nysPOSIT10N OF TRE BONDS. 
As soon as the abstract.ion of the bonds was made known 
to the Secretary of the Interior, he applied i'imsclt• dili- 
gently to discover with who;n they were lodged, that pro- 
écedings; might be instituted their recovery. Moses 
Kelley, F,sq., his chief clerk, was dispatched to New York, 
and he there caused writs ot• injunction to be served upon 
a parties, in whose possession bad reason to believe 
tho bonds to he. But ascertaining this of 
obtainin:z the desired information to bc both siow and un- 
satisfactory, Mr. '.['h01npson advised that your cuu;n'ittee 
