876 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12, 
should hold some of its sessions in the city of -New York. 
Being desirous ofexpediting the. investigation, and of avoid- 
ing the heavy expense that would be incident to the sum- 
mooing of a large numbcr of' witnesses from that gity, your 
committee concurred in the propriety of this suggestion ; 
and having asked and obtained leave to sit in such places 
as they believed the public interest required, they pro- 
ceeded, at considera'b}c inconvenience, to New York. 
From the testirnony there procured, it was apparent that 
the bönds had been disposed of by Mr. Russell and his 
agent, and that Mr. Russell did hot. have it in his power to 
restore any of them. A *imited number of them were 
traced into the possession of certain individuals and cor- 
porations, as ii)llows : 
Merchants' Benevolent Association, New York city, (wit- 
ness, Hector Morrison,) Missouris...... ...... 
$1 ,ooo 
Meigs & Greenleaf, for account of C. W. Purrel & 
Co., Richmond, Va., (witness, C. A. Meigs,) 
10,000 
Missouris . 
Mitchell, Schenectady, N. Y e, from one to three, 
2,000 
State not mentioned, (Meigs witness) .... 
Sanders, Haydensvilie, Mass. , one to three, State 
2,000 
not given, (Meigs witness). ..... .... 
James G. King & Sons, New York city, (J. G. King 
10,000 
witness,) Missouris . 
Clark, Dodge & Co., New York city, (witness, 
2,000 
Capt. Porter, New York city, (Matthew Morgan 
2,000 
witness)........,...• 
Jero:ne Fitzhugh & Co., New York city, pur- 
chased with knowledge of their character, (J. 
10,000 
H. Garland witness) 
W. T. Coleman & Co., New York city, (Coleman 
50,000 
witness) 
21,000 
George Smith, Chicago, (A. Campbell witness) 
'l'homas Swann, Baltimore, (VVilliam McKim 
10,000 
R. D. Gaither Baltilnore, (W. Fisher witness).. 
3,000 
'Baltirnore, (W. Fisher witness) 
B. Atkinson, 
1,000 
Townshend Scott, Baltimore, (W. Fisher witness) 
5,000 
Lowndes, Thompson & Co., Baltimore, (Martin 
5,000 
Lewis witness). . 
$134,000 
A fcw other bonds were ascertained to have been pur- 
chased by Riggs & Co., bankers, of Washington, for other 
parties, and by other individuals, which are not included 
in the above statement. 
At an early stage of our proceedings, and before the ex- 
amination of any witnesses, your committee designated two 
or their nutnber, the chair:nan and Hon. Mr. 'I'i10MAS, to 
consult witn Robert ()uld, Esq., United States district at- 
torney Ibr the District of Columbia, in reft)rencc to the ab- 
straction of the bonds, and the legal questions connected 
therewith. That officer adviscd that the testimony of both 
Mr. Bailey and Mr. Russell should be taken. 
An important witness, Jerome, n. Sjrnpgon, who would 
bc fOund in New York, it was expected, could not be ob- 
tained. 
He had acted in that city as the confidential busi- 
ness agent of Russell, Majors, & Waddell, and knew, it was 
believed, all the details (it' their business transactions with 
the Government, and of the abstraction of the bonds. 'I'hc 
Inost activc and diligent search for hill) proved unavailing. 
As none of his acquaintances remen)her to have seen hirn 
since about the day tk)llowing Mr. RusselPg arrest, and as 
no trace of him has yet been discovered, it is evident that 
he absconded or concealed himself to avoid the responsi- 
bility of his acts, and an appearance before the ccnnmittee 
or the courts. 
Jn view of this circumstance, and otthe advice given by 
tbe district attorney, and under thc belief that, unless a full 
state:ne.nt could be obtained fro:n some one immediately 
connected with the transaction, no satiståctory report could 
bc madc of the facts in rclation to the said fraud" as was 
required by the resolution of the House, it was deterrnined 
to atrord Mr. Russell an opportunity of appearing the 
Previous to his appearance, it had bcen de- 
connuittee. 
cided to leave it optional with Ilimsclt• to arnswcr or not as 
tnight elect. 
'I'llis purpose will plainly appear ft•mn the 
101 lowing extract from the record of the proceedings, page 
9B3 : 
"MONDAY, January 14, 1860. 
Willifun I-I. Russell appeared. 
'C 'l'hc Chairrnan. Mr. Russell, your counsel have doubt. 
less apprised you of your rights. You are uncler a erirninal 
prosecution, and [ deeni it lily duty to state to you that the 
committee do not propose to requirc of you to answer any 
questions. If you choose voluntarily to do so, you can • 
but if you do not prefer to do it, as indicated to you, you 
can withhold your answer. 
Mr. Russeil. Iam anxious to makea statmnent in 
regard to the honds. J. claim to bc nn honest and would 
prefer to make. out a state:nent of' the whole, transaction in 
writing, aud have you spread it at length on your record. 
I ask that as a ihvor froin the cormnittee. 
l' am under a 
criminal prosecution, and think it due to me that I should 
be permitted to knake a full statement, although do not 
fear the result of the crinninal prosecution. 
It' the connnit- 
see prefers tile statement made verbally, I will unake it in 
that way, but i should like to inakc it in writing." 
Mr. Russell was then sworn, but after a questions 
On the 23d of January he again appeared, and was re- 
minded of what had been said to him on a previous oeca.. 
sion, and more. fully admonished that he was not required 
to answer any questions. Hc was also advised that bis ex- 
amination would be waived, if he desired it, in whole or 
in part, and that, if he so elected, his evidence already given 
would be expunged. The act of Congress, approved Jan- 
uary 24, 1857, ernitled "An act Inore effectually to enforce 
the attendance of witnesses on the summons of either House 
of Congress, and to con•wel them to discover their testi- 
mony,'•' was shown to Mr. Russell; and after reading it, he 
requested further time to advise with his counsel. Before, 
leaving the comini-ttee-rooll), however, he stated, in reply 
to a question, that he understood the statute, and that it 
had been explained to him previously to his appearing be- 
fore the committee. 
On the 25th, Mr. Russell presented to the committee a 
paper, prepared, he states, as an ariæwer to the question 
that had been previously proposed to him, and requested 
He left it with 
that it should be placed upon the record. 
the cormnittee. and no further questions were proposed. 
This instrument, though not properly belonging to the rcc- ! 
ord of our proceedings, is transruitted to thc House för its 
inspection as one of' the acccnnpanying papers. On exmn- 
ination, it will be found to be not an unswer to the quest.ion 
that had been asked as introductory to more important 
ones, but an elaborate eflört Inade by Mr. Russell, with 
technical adroitness and legal acumen, to avail hirnselt• of 
the act of Congress belOre referred to, and to interpose it 
as a shield between himselt' and the consequences of his 
deeds. Nearly ail the material state'nents therein contained 
are wholly incorrect. It is not. true, as hc alleges, that 
he was not perniitted by law to reiUse to testify to any fact" 
within the scope ot• our inquiries. Neither is it true that 
he was required to testity." He testified of his own free 
will, and was not conipelled," as declared by the title of 
the act, to discover testimony," nor was he required," 
as expressed in the body of the law, to give his evidence. 
Your cmnmittee, thcre(örc, while they are constrained to 
consider the course adopted by Mr. Russell as a confession i 
of his moral guilt, do not deetn it within their province to 
anticipate or prejudge a question of law which may arise 
in legal prosecutions. 
THE ACCEPTANCES ISSUED BY TUE SECRETARY OF WAR. 
When the iniquitous act perpetrated by onc of the sub- 
ordinate officers of the Interior I)epartment in the ab- 
straction of bonds was Inade known, it was discovered, at 
the sarne tilnc, that acceptances, unauthorized by law, and 
deceptive and fraudulent in their character, had been is- 
sued by the Secretary ot' VVar in tavor of Messrs. Russell, 
Majors & Waddell. 
As a portion of these arc inseparably 
connected with the history of the bond cinbezziement, it is 
propoee.(l first to inquire into the circmnstances attending 
their issue. 
It is stated by Mr. Russell that, on the day he made his 
last application tor securities, Mr. agreed to Curnish 
then) on the condition that there should he deposited with 
h in), in their place, the acceptances of Governor Floyd, as 
Secretary of VVar. Mr. Russell, it would appear, had then 
on hand 8735,000 of acceptances, of "'bich wore 
unconditional, and t.lnc balance and payable 
out of the earnings of Russell, Majors Waddell for 1861. 
[Copies of the acceptances will bc enibraced in the 
testimony of Hon. Jacob 'l'hcnnpson.] The amount of the 
bonds he received on that and previous occasions was 
eight hundred and seventy, ot• 'l'here 'vas there- 
forc wanting, to make up the requisite sum of securities, 
$135,000; and we accordingly find that there is an accept- 
ancc, bcat•ing (latc Decen)ber 13, for that precise amount. 
When it is reunen)bercd that that is the date of the last de- 
livery 01' bonds, and of the receipt theroiör, the inference, 
seenus unavoidable that the acceptance, was issued to unakc 
up an ascertained deficiency, and that it was anticipated 
that it would go into the possession ot• Bailey. 
'Ithere are other facts that should be stated in this con- 
nection. Mr. Russell fixes the probable earnings of his firm 
tor the year 1861 at frotn $500,000 to $600,000, whilc Cap- 
tain V •ari Vliet estitnated 
at $488,000 för 1860 ; and 
General Johnson says, in his testixnony, that, ihr the pres- 
ent year, they will be about what they were in 1860, which 
was $540,000, including a payruent inade in Washington, 
by (,aptain Miller, Otl -a little inorc than $69,000. The 
condit.ional acceptances given to Mr. Bailcy anaount to 
or *248.000 n-tore than the Inaximurn sum that 
could havc been earned by Messrs. Russell, Majors & 
during that year, according to the estimates of 
the l)eparttnent, based upon the earnings of the previous 
year. 'i'he acceptances the $798,000 were the only con- 
and these, together with those for 
ditional ones issued, 
issue(l unconditionally, tnust be regarded as a loss, 
as the Governrnent will, doubtless, acknowkedge the obli- 
gation to replace the bonds belonging to the Indian trust 
l; and there is little reason to expect that Russel}, Ma- 
jors, & VVaddelI will Inake a return of what they have 
received. 
If your com:nittee could rest here, and could feel justi- 
fied in expressing the belie\" that there are no other out- 
standing liabilities, and that no further demands would be 
upon this or any future Congress, in contiectiou •with 
made 
these extraordinary proccedings, they would denn this an 
occasion tor congratulation to the House. But, untOrtu- 
had been proposed. he acain expressed a dcsire to sublilita nately, there are transactions ofa similar character, but of 
written statement, and leave was accordingly granted. On a still greater mamritnde, that claim your attention. 
Russell, Majors & Waddell, but that at no time shoul(l he 
issue those acceptances to exceed one half of the amount 
which he knew, of' his own knowledge, was actually due 
to-the parties for services already perlörmed. Mr. Sont!.er, 
on being called on to produce this communication, says 
•that " had an impression, and he supposed it was derived 
frotn a letter of Mr. Floyd, that the War Department is- 
sued acceptances to the extent only of one half of the 
amount that would become due to Russell, Majors & Wad. 
dell on work in process of execution." Although an cx- 
amination of the letters received by the bank, and his own 
private letters, failed to bring to light such a emumuniea. 
tion as he had expected to find, Mr. Soutter does not change 
his opinion, but concludes that it was derived from the 
statements of some persons whose names he cannot now 
recall. These letters and representations are important as 
showing the means adopted by the Secretary of VVar to get 
the paper he issued into circulation. 
MORE THAN OF ACCEPTANCES ISSUED. 
In relation to the acceptances issued unconditü-»nally by 
the late Secretary of War, your committee deem it their 
duty to state all the iäcts they have been able. to discover, 
as fully as possible. They amount, in the uggrcgate, to the 
enormous snm of Add thereto thc conditional 
acceptances which have already been thrown back i_lpon 
the Government through the aaency of A'Ir. Bailey, and [he 
sum total is $6,977,395. 'I'his estimate is based upon (Iata 
furnished by the War Department. 
It appcars therefi•om 
that acceptances to the muount of 9840.000 were returned 
to the Department for cancellation. Mr. Russell, Ijowever, 
claims to have. returned only $200,000, or $250,000. 
further states that the acceptances which he did rcturn 
were those which had matured in his own pocket, and 
could not therciöre be negotiated. 
But this assertion is 
positively contradicted by the indorsements on the returned 
acceptances, and by the testimony of Mr. Irvin, a clerk in 
the War Department. 
From the careless and irresponsible manner in which 
business was transacted bv that gentlernan and the late Sec- 
retary of VVar, and from •the fact that it was the habit of 
Governor Floyd to issue acceptances at the Departrnent or 
at his house, or at '.vhatever place, he happened to be, it is 
a Inatter of great uncertainty whether or not the $840,000 
should be deducted from the sum heretofore stated. 
probability is, that when the acceptances were returned to 
Governor Floyd by Mr. Russell, he accepted others at the 
same time for the same amount, of' which I.hcre was no 
registry xnade. It is deuned safest to proceed upon the sup- 
position that the acceptances inade in the place of those re- 
turned were registered. Upon this hvpothesis, the $840,000 
must bc deducted from the of unconditional ac- 
ceptancös made and registcred in thc War Department. 
'I'llis would leave ofthern, so far as is shown by the records 
of that Department, $5,339,395 still in circulation ; add to 
this alnount the. $798,000 of conditional acceptanecs re- 
cci vet' bv Mr. Bailey in lieu oft.hc bonds, and the aqgregate is 
$6,137,305. Here, then, confining the statement to the ree- 
ords of the War I)eparunent, is a deficit of $6,137,395 fall 
upon the holders of these acceptances, or to be assumed in 
sc»ne way by the Governinent. 
WHAT WAS DONE WITH THE ACCEPTANCES. 
The evidence shows t.hat the acceptances have been sold 
in various parts of the United States, wherever a bank or 
private individual could be induced to purchase. Inas:nuch, 
however, as the amount of those that havc been truced di- 
rectiy into the hands of present holders constituted but a 
small fraction of the sum still unaccount,ed for, and as own- 
ers are daily filing additional claims at the War Depart- 
ment, it is deemed unnecessary to giée a detailed staternent 
of the discovered acceptances, or to make other mention 
of them than to refer to the papers relating thereto pæ- 
sentcd by the War Department, and to the general evidence. 
It is proper, however, to remark in t.his connection, that 
while your comn)ittee do not deem it necessary to give said 
details, the data in the War Department fix the minimum 
amount of outstanding acceptances known to that Depart- 
rnent at $1,445,000. 
FURTHER LIGHT ON GOVERNOR FLOYD'S PROCEEDINGS. 
Mr. Richard B. Irvin, the faithful and intelligent clerk to 
whom reference has been made elsewhere in this report, 
says, in his evidence : 
" 'l'here may, of course, be other 
outstanding acceptances, of the whereabouts of which the 
Department has 110 knowledge." "I'here will also be iOuud 
embraced in his evidence, given upon being recalled be. 
fore the counmittee on thc 6th instant, a letter addressed to 
R. A. Barnes, Esq., president of the Bank of the State of 
Missouri, under date of January 24, 1861, to Ilon. Joseph 
Hokt, Secretary of War, which is of interest, and will throw 
light upon the conduct of Governor F}oyd's proceedings 
and assurances in regard to the acceptances. Mr. Irvin 
still further testified to the receipt of other letters by the 
War Deparuncnt. since the papers fUrnishcd to the corn- 
mittee hy that Department were transmitted, of a charac- 
ter similar to Mr. Barnes's. 
'I'his hranch of the inquiry is 
evidently prolific, and could be pursued to a great length, 
if necessity required, or time would permit. 
MR. RCSSELL'S ESTIMATE. 
To avoid all appcarancc of unfairness, your comrnittee 
consider it proper to give Mr. Russell's estirnate of' the 
atnount of acceptances issued, as set t'orth in the {Ollowing 
extract from his testimony : 
the 18th of January he was again betöi•e the conunittee, 
and presented a statenment (which will be tbund atuong the 
accosnpan.ving papers herewith subtnitted,) prepared, as he f 
state(i beüu•e the co:nmittee, by his attorneys, the night 
alter he asked perrnission ot• the committee. 
Various interrogatories were proposed, which were W 
protnpt!y and freely answered. But when asked, Did you 
ever, directly or indirectly, give to any person any consid- 
eratioas or make to any person any present for services il 
rendered to you connected with your business with tbe VVar 
Departlnent?" Mr. Russell declined to respond before con- 
suiting with his counsel. 
C pon this suggestion the exaniination was at once sus- 
pended, 
Question. State as nearly as you can, of your own knowl- 
acceptances. and, at the sarnc time, wrote to various banks edge and recollection, the ainount of acceptances ot' Gov- 
.and illdividuals uroing their purchase or discount. One of 
ernor Floyd shown by•that (his) account to you? 
his lotters, and one (N..olonel Drinkard. chief clerk of! dnswer. I have. got but an idea about it. It was very large. 
the Department. to åmnes Souttcr, Esq., president I cannot tell how large. I be*ieve it exceeds $3,000,000. 
of the Bank of the IR.epublic, Wii! be iOund included in the 
Question. Does it not cxeeed $4,000.000 ? 
testiluony taken in New York. Copies of various other 
,ansuær. [do not recollect. 
letters relating to the same subject, obtained fi•onl the War 
Question. Does it not exceed ? 
I)cpartmcnt, accc_nnpany this report. Mr. F. P. James; o? I 
answer. I judge not; it is all impression on my part. 
New York city, testified betöre the committee that Mr. 
Question. Can you state that you have not received his 
Soutter. to woozn has been already Inade, said to acceptances to an amount exceedin" ? 
h upon oue occasion that he had a draft tor $15,000, and I .ßnswer. I do not think have. 
with it a lettcr from the Secretary ot- VVar, stating that he Question. How *nuch less than. $6,000,000 can you say 
was the, amount? 
In 1858, the Secretary of VVar connncuoed the issue of 
