878 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12, 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de- 
cided that the vote must be taken upon each 
amendment separately, unless that course be dis- 
pensed with by unanimous consent. Any mexi- 
ber has a right to require a vote upon each amend- 
ment. 
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose the unimportant 
amendments may be passed over by unanimous 
consent, and the vote taken upon them in gross. 
Mr. BRANCH. •1 ask that the usual courge be 
taken, and the amendments considered scpai•atel y. 
The SPEAKER. That course will be taken. 
Mr. CURTIS. wish merely to indicate to 
the House the course I desire to pursue. T hc 
Senate has made a considerablc num ber of amend- 
ments to the bill, most of which I regard as im- 
material. They are introduced in the bill for the 
purpose of furnishing guards; which I supposed, 
and still believe, were suffcief)tly provided fbr in 
the original bill as it passed the, •House. But the 
amendments being introduced by thc Scnatc, and 
not of vital importance, I am disposed to adopt 
them. There is one amendment which is of 
importance than any other, which relates to a 
northern road. 
The difference between two and three roads 
seems to be conceived by the Senate as a matter 
of no vast importance. It is the difference between 
and which the 
ment is to advance in bonds. 
I wish the House 
to recollect that these bonds are not to be issued 
except as the road progresses. They cannot be all 
advanced or required by the directors in less than 
ten or fifteen years. 'There is no money to be 
drawn from the Treasury, and the bonds are all 
to be secured by a first mortgage upon the roads, 
which mortgage must be satisfactory to the At- 
torncy General. 'Thie Government of the United 
States is, therefore, secured in the advances it 
makes. These three roads arc so far apart that 
thcy will not be competitors, so far as the local 
tradc is concerncd, while they will, as overland 
roads, accommodate great sections of the Repub- 
lie. 
Mr. Speaker, 
I commenced considerinrr and 
laboring for this Pacific railroad with the. belief 
that one road would answer our purpose, and thut 
we should press through only one central route. 
I have labored at it in Congress for {Our winters, 
and I am now satisfied that we cannot get Pu- 
cific railroad by adhering to one road, because 
local and sectional issues are such, there rnust 
be moro than one road to satisfy public expecta- I 
tion and general interests. 
'I'he committee of the 
House therefore consen ted to two roads; and thus 
the bill went to the Senate of the United States, 
where a third road was provided for, as we now 
find itin the amendments to this bill. These three 
roads arc an extreme northern road, an extreme 
southern road, and a central road. All sections 
of the country will thus be acconnnodated by the 
construction of those three. 
In thc consideration of thc amendments of the 
Senate, am disposed to have then) all passed by 
the House. 
I have detern•fined, whenever any 
amendment is brought before the House, to move 
a concurrence, as believe that' most of tho 
amendments of the Senate are unimportant; and 
as wc are at a late period of the session, I trust 
that we shall not lose the bill on that account. It' 
the l)ill be not altogether satisfactory, it can here- 
after be amended. This is a point it is right the 
House should take notice of. If it bc found, after 
a year's reflection and exertions, that there is 
anything wrono• in the bill, the next Congress 
will have an opportunity to correct it; for, by an 
amendment of the Senate, all the corporations rc- 
quired under its provisions are to be referred back 
to Congress, where everything will have to be 
considered and approved before any land or bonds 
will attach to the company. There is arso a pro- 
vision in the bill wl)ich authorizes a subsequent 
Congress of the United States to correc! any im- 
propriety in the construclion growino• out of con- 
fusion or disturbance in the country. The bonds 
would be of little or no value, and thc road could 
not go forward, on the basis here proposed. The 
integrity of the country is necessary to its pro- . 
gresse now move that the House concur i 
first amendment of thc Senate. I will not call for II 
the previousquestion , however, because my friend 
from Missouri, [Mr. CRAIG,] who regards this 
amendment as materially affecting the interests of 
his constituents, desires to submit some remarks. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, while I 
I have worked as hard for the construction of a 
Pacific railroad as- t.he gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. 
CURTIS,] or any other man upon this floor, yet I 
must state my belief that, under the provisions of 
this bill as amended by the Senate, no road will 
be built upon the southern, the northern, or the 
central route. The first amendment of the Senate 
starts out, in the absence of information, in the 
absence of experiments with instruments, and, no 
doubt, against the wishes of those whose money 
is to construct this great, work , by fixing the starl- 
ing point upon the western border of the State of 
Missouri. 
It should have been left open to the 
whole western border of t.he State, so that the 
best starting point could have been selected. I 
can demonstrate upon that map, which stands in 
view of the House, that, under the Senate ameJ)d- 
ments, in getting two hundred miles west of the 
Mississippi river, you have to go more than one 
hundred and seventy miles out of tbc way. 
In goinry to a point north of west, the Senate 
amendment proposes to run south of west, and 
then to thc point of destination. By that course, 
from the mouth of the Kansas river to Fort Riley, 
you will ignore the largest military establishinent 
America, and probably in tl)e world. You will 
ignore, sir, Fort Leavenworth by running in the 
direction of Fort Riley, a little military establish- 
ment that will not furnish a single car-load a 
month for transportation. The amendment takes 
the road to that small fort and away from Fort 
Leavenworth, from which millions and millions 
of pounds are sent off every season to the interior 
mountain regions, in the direction of New Mex- 
ico and the Pacific States. You not only do that; 
but by the second amendment of the Senate, when 
you get to Fort Riley the road is madc to run 
north to Fort Kearny. I have a friend in my 
eye who may perhaps know the reasons for this 
change of route. 
Mr. WASHRURNE,0f Illinois. Will the gen- 
tle[nan from Missouri explain the reasons 'VI] y 
that amendment was made? i aln anxious to 
know the reasons which induced the Senate to 
put in this atncndmcnt which affects us of the 
northern States so seriously? 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
I think I can an- 
swer. The distinguished Senator from Missouri, 
who oflLTcd this amendment in the Senate, rcsides 
in the city of St. Louis; and I have no (Ioubt that 
he offered it with a view to help his immediate, 
consiitucnt.s. 
In reference to the starting point, 
I d(.) not arraign hilli for endeavoring to subserve 
the interests of St. Louis by fixing it at. the rnout.h 
of' Kansas river. 
It I lived where hc does, per- 
I would 
have offered the same amendment; 
but. the pun rfing of the road from the starting 
point, at the mouth of' Kansas river, to Fort Riley, 
and then off to Fort Kearny, could only have 
in total ignorance of the geo«raphy of 
the country, or in a desire to ignorc the interests 
of his constituents in I'lorthern Missouri; to ignore 
the great central belt of' the Union from Philadel- 
phia, Pennsyl vania, to the Missouri river. 
It does 
Ignore Philadelphia, I-larrisburg, Columbus, In- 
dianapolis, and Springfield, and the whole central 
belt of States. 
That is not all. T be roads, as laid (lown in this 
bill, would, in my judgrnent, prevent any rnan, 
who had a little Inorc than the zunount necessary 
to subsist his family, from taking any stock. 
An amendment less objectionable than the one 
moved in the Senate, and which seems specially 
intended for the benefit of the city where he re- 
sides, was offered in this House by my colleague 
from Missouri who represents the city of St. 
Louis. That amendment luerely fixed the start- 
ix:g point at the mouth of Kansas river, and pro- 
vided for the road run westward in the 
direction of tbc central route. Still, sir, that 
amendment was voted down in this House by a 
vote of three to one. 
I submit the following amendment to the first 
amendment of the Senate: 
Strike out 
and proceeding thence up the valley of said 
river to the vicinity of Fort Riley," and, in lieu thereof', 
insert: and with a branch trom sorne eligible point on said 
line, not. morc than fifty miles west of the Missouri river, 
to tbc city of St. Joseph." 
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose the amendment 
with any vicw of endangering the passage of the 
bill; but, on the contrary, to insure the concur- 
rence of the House in the amendment of the Sen- 
ate, and the passage of the bill. All I ask in my 
amendment is, that the main trunk of thc central 
road shall start from the mouth of Kansas river, 
and take the best, route that the instruments will 
show. And we ask, for the benefit of fifteen hun- 
dred miles of country, running due east from the 
point indicated in the amendment, that you shall 
give them fifty miles of grant by which they may 
plant this.great central railroad, and we will be 
content with that. That fifty *niles, if consented 
to by thc House, will open a market for more 
American citizens and morc American products 
than any two hundred miles of railroad on the 
American continent. The Senate amendment, as 
it is, ignores the entire lake region. The six hun- 
dred and fifty miles of grant given by the Senate 
amendment will open a market for ail these peo- 
ple, and make a road which, in my judgment, 
will be acceptable to the persons who will have 
to furnish the materials for the road, and thc road 
will be built. It is a poor privilege which we ask; 
but it is a privilege that is asked for by morc men, 
women, money, and persons of lhis country than 
are repregented by any thousand miles of that 
road and its branches, as it is laid down in the 
bill. 
It is against running six hundred miles out 
of the way to get away from central Illinois, and 
other States in proportion, that we protest. 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am in favor of the 
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri to 
the amendment of the Senate. do not, however, 
rise to uddress myself to that amendment, but 
simply to express the hope that the I-louse will 
non-concur in all the Senatc amendments, get a 
committee of conference, and frame a bill for a 
Pacific railroad which can be passed into-a law. 
The bill, as it went from this House, was incon-- 
gruous and bad enough, put through here, as it 
was, under the spur of the previous question, and 
under a trick of the rules, which cut off all amend- 
It has been made infinitely worse by the 
ments. 
amendments of the Senate; and now it is a great, 
unwieldy, and inconoruous thing, which no man 
can expect the President will ever sign, or which 
will ever build a railroad if it is signed. I venture 
to assert that no railroad naan '•,vho knows any- 
thing about railroads and their cost can be found, 
who will say that, under this bill, any stock will 
be taken and put into any one of these roads. It 
is great nonsense and a waste of tilne, yea, worse 
than a waste of time, for us to eno('tffe in a discus- 
Sion of this bill, as it has come to us from the Scn- 
ate. Therefore, 1 hope the House will non-concur 
in any of these amendments. Let us bring this 
matter to a settlement, by getting a committee of 
conference to frame a bili for a Pacific railroad, 
with proper guards and provisions, which will 
secure its passage through this House. 
Mr. McCLEkNAND. I do not rise for the 
purposc of going into a discussion of the expe- 
diency of cormccting the Atlantic with the Pacific 
by means of a railroad to be constructed by pri- 
vate enterprise aided by Federal patronage. The 
public judgment has been long since pronounced 
In favor of' such a measure; and I am in favor of 
it. 
I have been for it since the date of the acqui- 
sition of our Pacific possessi01'1s, under tbc treaty 
of peace with Mexico. have been in fhvor of it 
as a necessary means of consolidatintr and inte- 
grating our extensive territories, our ocean-bound 
Republic, and only awaited the ripeness of time 
to embark in it. After ten years of thorough dis- 
cussion and searching investigation, the country 
has pronounced in favor of it with remarkable 
unanimity. 
The only question remainincr now is, as to the 
plan and form of the Ineasure; whether the Gov- 
crnment will intervene to assist in the effectua- 
tion of the measure, and whether onc or more 
roads shall be constructed. This is tl-le question. 
For myself, inasmuch as private enterprise has 
shrunk frotn espousing the enterprise, alone and 
unassisted, for so long a time, I am willing and 
even desirous that the Government should succor 
it. Hence, sir, I voted for the bill upon its pas- 
sage through this House. 
I voted for it, how- 
ever, more on account of it.s object than on account 
of its details. 
Indeed, I objected to many of its 
details as incongruous and ill-advised. I objected 
particularly to a multiplication oc roads as endan- 
gering the project, and as committing the Gov-crn- 
ment to too great a liability. Yet I voted for it 
as the best I could do under the circumstances. 
As was truly observed by my colleague, [Mr. 
