1861. 
FARNSWORTH,] the Senate has made numerous 
and cumbrous amendments to the bill. They 
have added to the incongruity of the bill, and 
committed the Government to still greater ad- 
vances of money or land in aid of the enterprise. 
They have added another road, to run from Lake I 
Superior to Puget sound, with a branch to Port- 
land, in Oregon. They have fixed one of the 
eastern termini of the road at the mouth of the 
Kansas river, on the western border of Missouri, 
instead of leaving that terminus open for determ- 
ination by the company created by the bill. Ry 
this change, they have substituted Westport for 
a point on or. near the san'le parallel of latitude— 
I say the latter 
as St. Joseph, in Missouri. 
point, because it seems to have been generally 
conceded that all the considerations of business, 
population, and centrality, would have designated 
that point. In this the public interest wras sub* 
ordinated to local views, and the dictation of a 
single city—St. Louis. I regret all this; not that 
I am unf'riendly to St. Louis, but on account of 
higher. considerations—the convenience and ac- 
commodation of the country at large. 
I am in favor of one road—a great central 
road, which, with the roads now in operation, 
shall connect the two oceans; but I am in favor 
of leaving the line of that road to be located by 
the practical intelligence of private judgment. 
I 
would not have Congress to locate it by accidental 
ör competinæ combinations on this floor. Such 
a location must, except by accident, be injudi- 
cious and objectionable. 
Moreover, believe with my colleague, that the 
multifarious and inultiforrn purposes of chis bill, 
as tunended by the Senate, cannot be accom- 
.plished under Its sanction. In its present form, 
It will almost certainly prove impracticable: It is 
a monstrous medley, which will repel capitalists 
from supporting it by embarking their capital and 
endeavors in favor of it. No discreet capitalist 
will adventure his fortune upon so rickety and I 
If any should be found willing 
leaky a bottom. 
to embark upon it, it will only be those who will 
rely upon the Government rather than upon them- 
selves, for a safe deliverunce. 
I am in favor of the amendment of the gentle- 
man from Missouri, [Mr. CRAIG,] as I understand 
it; but I think it might be improved. The bill, as 
it passed the House, contemplated two branches— 
eastern branches to the central road—one starting 
from the svestern border of Missouri, the other 
starting from the western border of Iowa, the two 
branches to unite at an eligible point near the bor- 
ders of those States. The gentlmnan 's amend- 
ment proposes to preserve this arranøement, in 
part. If in order, I would amend his amendment, 
by striking out that portion of the Senatc amend- 
ment to which it relates, and substituting one 
road, a single road, for all the roads proposed by 
the bill—a rond starting from the wcstern border 
of the frontier States of the Mississippi or l\åis- 
souri valley, and runnincr westerly, upon a line to 
be determined by the company, to San Francisco, 
or to the navigable waters of the. Sacramento, in I 
I would leave the point of departure 
California. 
from the western border and the intermediate line 
to its western terrnination, to be fixed by the 
practical judgment of the company—of course 
restricting their discretion, in general terms, to 
the most eligible route between the eastern and 
western termini of the road. 
Such a road could bc built, in reasonable time, 
upon the basis of this bill, by the union of indi- 
vidual enterprise and capital with the largess of I 
the Government; aid such a road would answer 
all exigent purposes for the Present, and would 
facilitate the construction of other expedient roads 
in due timé. I arn for such a road, and will vote 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
879 
The pecuniary credit of the Government is im- 
paired; we are •already in debt, and forced to bor- 
row more and more money to keep the Govern- 
mentin operation—to keep it upon its logs. Under 
these circumstances, am opposed to encumber- 
ing the Government with any unnecessary indebt- 
I am opposed to extending its operations 
ment. 
in any experimental form involving a still further 
strain of its credit. Let us be sure of our contin- 
ucd national existence before we launch off upon 
a treacherous sea of experimental spcculation. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentle- 
man from Illinois allow me here to suggest that, 
after the vote is taken on my amendment, the 
question will bc upon concurring in tho Senate 
amendment, and a non-concurrence therewith will 
be tantamount to his amendment. That vote 
must be taken, at any rate, after the vote is taken 
upon my proposition. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 do not know that 1 
shall have an opportunity to offer my amendment, 
unless it be offered to the amendment of the gen- 
tleman from Missouri. 
If the House non- 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
concur in the Senate amendment, you will accom- 
plish the obicct or your amendment, exactly. 
The SPEÄKER. That be the first ques- 
tion after the amendment of the gentleman from 
Missouri is disposed of. 
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Illinois will 
allow me to suggest that this bill is to be consid- 
ered in the House, and the previous question can 
be demanded on each a:nendment; and, under the 
new rule, the previous question exhausts itself 
on the single amendment. But there never can 
be more than two amendments offered if the pre- 
viotts question is called on the whole bill. 
If the 
gentMman from Missouri calls the previous ques- 
tion on his amendment to the first amendment of 
the Senate, the previous question will exhaust 
itself when the vote shall have bcen taken on his 
amendment, and the amendment of the Senate 
will still be open to further amendment. 
If the 
gentleman from Illinois will allow me, I desire to 
say a word further in reply to the remark made 
I have 
by his colleaguc, [Mr. FARNSWORTH.] 
heard the remark frequently made upon this floor 
that this bill passed the House under the trick 
of the rules," as it is called, and under the pre- 
vious question; and that no opportunity was af- 
forded to amend it. That is a great mistake. The 
bill could have been amended in Committee of the 
Whole, in any way that gentlemen desired to 
amend it. The original bill was read through by 
sections, and was open to amendment. But, be- 
cause gentlemen chose to leave it until it was too 
late, they charge the fault upon the trick of the 
rules, and say the bill was put through under the 
spur of t.he previous question, when really it was 
their own ignorance of the rules that prevented 
them from amending the bill. The bill could have 
been amended and perfected in any way that any 
gentleman desired. But, because they chose to 
wait until it was too late, they charge it upon a 
trick of the rules that the bill passed the House 
in such a cumbersome form. 
Now, II admit that there were some things in 
thc bill, as it passed the House, which might have 
I am in favor of one road or 
been improved. 
1 should be content with one; but if there 
th ree. 
are to be more roads than one, I am in favor of 
th rec. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 wish to say a single 
word or two in conclusion, before I yield the floor. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Will the gentleman 
allow me to say a word in relation to this central 
route ? 
Mr. McCLERNAND. Certainly. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. In the place, the 
central route—or that portion of the Pacific rail- 
for it most heartily; nay, as I have already said, 
I will vote—though with some reluctance—for the road which is intended to connect with the city 
bill as it passed the House.; but drugged with the I of Philade}phia, and those cities that lie in the 
same parallel of latitude—is of such a character as 
Senate amendments I do not think r can vote for 
it. Such a road would, in my judgment, satisfy ought to preclude the possibility of the adoption 
ail reasonable public expectation; more, the pub- of the amendment of the Senate. 
It necessitates 
all the travel aud all the trade of that region to 
lic sense would probably condemn. 
Independent of the inherent defects of the meas- I diverge southward to the city of St. Louis; from 
ure as it now stands before us, there are other St. Louis it turns northward to the mouth of the 
considerations of grave rnagnitude that should Kansas river; from the mouth of the Kansas river 
it takes a southwest course again to Fort Riley; 
warn us aoainst it. What is the condition of the 
country at this time? MT c are upon the cataract thence it goes almost directly northward for a 
Ofa revolution which has swept six States from space of from three to five hundred miles, over a 
their constitutional moorings, and which may ! country most parts of which are as barren as the 
carry with it still greater evils and aggravations. oesert. of Sahara, to Fort Kearny; then it turns 
in a southwesterly direction -tom Denver City, and 
then it again turns northwestwardly to Bridger's, 
Pass, and thus through the mountains. This' would 
give to'tlie middle States, to the, city of Philadel- 
phia, and the other cities on the cone 
nection with the Pacific ocean- at least five hundred 
miles longer than any other route that, could be 
adopted cither north or south, accommodating no 
trade and no travel, and affording no advantages 
whatever of a commercial character. 
Why this is done, I cannot 
is intended by the gentlemen from New England 
and the Lakes, and the gentlemen from St. Louis, 
to combinc their forces to cut off all trade along 
the middle line of these great States of the Union. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 
makc an appeal to the gentleman from Iowa before 
I yield the floor. I voted for the bill as it passed 
the House. It has been so amended by thc Sen- 
ate that I cannot vote for it now. He has already 
stated, in the hearing of the House, that he him- 
self disapproves of many of the amendments of 
the Senate. I ask him whether he had not better 
stand up against amendments be condemns, and 
insist upon the bill as it passed the House, and 
trust to the chances of its success? Let me •ay 
to him that he had better not exchange the true 
friends of the measure in the House for enemies 
in the Senate; for many of these amendments, 
have reason to believe, were made by the Senate 
in a spirit of hostility to the measure. But thc 
gentleman says, unless we concur in these amend- 
ments, we may lose the bill. Let me say to him, 
if' we do concur, we will be in still greater dan- 
eer of losinry it. Let us maintain the bill as it 
should be, and if the President should veto it, 
we will be justified by the judgment and sense of 
the country. If we simplify the bill by curtail- 
ing the•liabilities which are to be imposed upon 
the Government, and confine it to one great cen- 
iral road, upon a line corresponding with the 
parallel of latitude on which the greatest weight 
of population is to be found—in the great States 
of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and 
Missouri, all will be well; the road will be con- 
structed, and the people will be satisfied. 
Mr. CURTIS. desire to say something in 
opposition to this amendment. Half a dozen 
speeches have been made in favor of it. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. As the gentleman 
from Iowa has indicated a purpose to call the pre- 
vious question, I desire to say few words before 
he addresses the House. 
Mr. CURTIS. Very well. I yield to the gcn- 
tleman. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I know very well 
how the gentlen•lan from Iowa feels about the 
I know that 
pending amendment of the Senate. 
hc is opposed to it; but the fear that he will lose 
his last two years' work—and I admit that he has 
'.vorked faithfully—induces him to agree to bad 
amendments of the Senate with a hope of getting 
them lopped off by the next Congress. tell the 
gentleman that he is trying a dangerous. experi- 
ment. The company that he contemplatcs Will 
never be organized under this bill. 
Now, I am sure that, if the gentleman from 
Iowa thought that any one of tbc amendments 
of the Scnate—and I believe there are forty-five of 
them—would be non-concurred in, he would speak 
and vote with me against this amendment of the 
Senate that am now trying to get modified; but 
a belief that he can put through the bill with all 
the Senate amendments, induces my friend to op- 
pose me in this modification. I tell him now, that 
after we shall havc passed this point, ',ve cannot 
go back. The bill will certainly have to go back 
to the Senate on a number of the amendments; 
and I ask-him now to talk to the House as he 
feels about this amendment, and to ask the House 
to join himself and me in adopting my modifica- 
tion. 
If he does not .do that, the amendments made 
by the Senate, and Lo which he is opposed, will 
be voted down. At least some of the amendments 
of the Senate will be non-concurred in; and all the 
dangers which he apprehends from the bill hav- 
ing to go back to the Senate, will have to be in- 
curred; and then he cannot go beck to correct the 
I ask the gentleman 
error on this vital matter. 
from Iowa to reflect that all of these amendments 
cannot possibly be concurred in by the House. 
Why not, therefore, when he knows that my 
amendment to the Senate amendment is fair and 
