880 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 12. 
just, and called for by a larger business interest 
than is represented in any of the Senate amend- 
ments; when he knows that'it will accommodate 
more trade and commerce. and travel than any 
other amendment offered—why does he not, I say, 
give his adhesion to this righteous amendment, 
which I know is ftvored bv his heart and judg- 
ment? •The gentleman froni Iowa flatters himself 
with the hope that the House will concur in ali of 
these forty-five Senate amendments, and that he 
can thereby save his bill; but he entirely deceives 
himself on that point. 
I-ask him now to -come 
to the rescue, and save my amendment. 
Mr. PRYOR. I do not rise to debate this ques- 
tion; not at all. 
I am persuaded, Mr. Speaker, 
that, no speech, whatever might be its ability, 
couhd even impede the passage of this bill; still I 
do feel: it incumbent on me, as a Representative 
from Virginia, to enter my protest against a meas- 
ure for which there is not a particle of warrant in 
the Constitution; against a measure which con- 
templates the achievement of the most chimerical 
object; against a measure involving an expendi- 
ture which no contrivance of mathematical calcu- 
lus can ascertain. Is this the time, when the rapid 
consolidation of the Government is already pre- 
cipitating the disruption of the Confederacy, to 
augment Federal power by fastening on the Gov- 
ernmentmn excrescence creater in magnitude and 
influence than ever the East India Company was 
iii -the palmiest day of its power? Chimerical, I 
say, is the idea of traversing, by a triple railway, 
boundless deserts, where nothing is heard but the 
howl of the wild beast and the yell of the more 
intrpctable chimerical measure, in com- 
parison with which the Colossus of Rhodes or the 
Pyramid of Cheops sink into insignificance. Are 
we now, when our utmost energies and resources 
are engrossed in the endeavpr to support the Gov- 
crnment which we have, and maintain the terri- 
tory we possess—is this the time to inaugurate so 
stupendous un enterprise ? 
When yobr Treasury is bankrupt; when you 
have not money in your exchequer with which 
to discharge the petty debts due the menials in 
your employ; when your credit is exhausted, and 
the Federal Government proposes to travel over 
the icngth and breadth of the Union a mendicant, 
for the indorsement of the States to sustain it; is 
this, I say, the time to inaugurate an enterprise 
involving so much expense, and the consumma- 
tion of which I believe to be impracticable ? With 
these suggestions, and wishing to bring the mat- 
tor to chose, I move to lay the atncndments 
on the table. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will that carry the 
bill to the table? 
The SPEAKER pro (Mr. STANTON in 
the chair.) 
The motion carries the bill with it. 
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from 
Virginia to suspend his motion fora Inoment, that 
I njay make a reply. I think it is but fair that 
such an attack on the bill of a general nature 
should be. met. 
Mr. PRYOR. I have every disposition to ac- 
commodate the. gentleman from New York; but 
inasmuch as he uan have an opportunity to reply 
hereafter, I must, with all respect, insist on my 
motion. 
The uestion being on Mr. PRYOR's motion, 
Mr. I R YOR called fbr the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
'The question was taken; and it was decided in 
the negative—yeas 39, nays Ill; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Willianr C. Anderson, Bocock, Branch, 
Brown, Burnett, (.:are.y, 
Horaee F. C.lark, Burton Craige, 
English, Garnett, John Harris, Haski n, Holman, Ilu«hes, 
Jenkins, Elbert S. Martin, Millson, Morrill, Niblaek, Noel, 
Phelps, Ptyor, Riggs, James.C. Robinson, Royce, Ik.uflin, 
Rust, Williani N. H. Sinith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, 
'i'homas, Vance, Van Wyck, Walton, Webster, Whitelcy, 
Winslow, and Wright—39. 
NA YS—Messrse Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, AI- 
len, Allev, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Barr, 
Barret, _tiingham, Blair, Blake. Boteler, Brabson, Brayton, 
Bri«gs, Bristow, Buffinton, Burch, Bhrlingame, Campbell 
Case, John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Colihx, Conway, Cor- 
win, (_}ovode, Cox, Jmnes Craig, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, 
Dneli, Dunn, Edgerton. Edwards, Eliot, Ely, 
Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Fouke, 
Frank, Gooeh, Grahanj, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, J. Morrison 
narri.< 
ilelznick, Hindman, WV illiam Howard, Wiliialn A. 
Howard. r 
• rvine, Junkin, Franeis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kit- 
gore, Kiklingcr, DeWitt C. Leach, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mal- 
iory, Marston, McClernand, MeKean, McKenty, Millward, 
Montgolnery, Moorhead, Ed 'vard Joy Morris, fsaac N. 
Rice, Christopher Robinson, Scott, Scranton, 
SeagwieE, Sherman, Sickles, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, 
William Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thcaker, '"rain, 
Ttirnbke, Vandever, Verree, Wade, Waldron, Cadwalader 
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wilson, Windorn, 
woodruff, and woodson—lll 
So the House refused to lay the amendments 
o» the table. 
During the vote, 
Mr. LARRABEE stated that he was paired off 
with Mr. LOGAN on this measure, for this after- 
noon. 
Mr. QUARLES stated that Mr. LEAcn, of 
North Carolina, was confined to his room by in- 
disposition, and that he would, if present, vote 
'ay" on this motion. 
Mr. LEAKE stated that he had paired on this 
occasion with Mr. THAYER', that Mr. THAYER 
would have voted no" on this question, and he 
(Mr. L.) would have voted ay." 
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague, Mr. 
DAvrs, was detained at his room by indisposi- 
tion. 
The vote was announced as above recorded. 
MESSAGE FROM SENATE. 
A messacre was received from the Senate, by 
Mr. PATTON, one of its clcrks, notifying the House 
that the Senate had passed Mouse bill making 
appropriations for the current and contingent ex- 
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling 
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for 
the year ending the 30th June, 1862, with sundry 
amendments, in which he was directed to ask the 
qoncurrence of the House. 
Mr. PHELPS. Let these Senate amendments 
be referred to the Committee of Ways und Means. 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 object to their refere e 
out of their regular order. 
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL—AGAIN. 
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that the vote just taken 
will be regarded as a test vote; and that the op- 
ponents of the bill will recognize that it is impos- 
Sible for them to defeat the bill, and will therefore 
allow the friends of the measure to go on and per- 
fect it as well as they can. 
Now, in regard to the amendment of my friend 
from Missouri, I confess there is no man asso- 
ciated with n'le in t.his measure who has worked 
harder or more faithfully than he has done; and 
therefore, I dislike to oppose any propostion of 
his. But still, i must present this amendment in 
its proper light. This is a controversy, as any 
one can see, between two great lines of railroad 
running through Missouri; the one is called the 
Pacific railroad, and the other the Hannibal and 
St. Joseph. My friend [Mr. CRAIG] represents 
a constituency which is Inorc directly interested 
in the latter. There is also a conflict between two 
cities—the city of St. Louis and the city of St. 
Joseph. Kansas City is almost directly west of 
St. Louis; and therefore the Senators from Mis- 
souri insisted upon Kansas City being made one of 
the points of this road; so that St. Louis would be 
sure to have nn easy and certain connection by 
the so-called Pacific road. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. One of the Sena- 
tors from Missouri voted for that amendment 
under a misapprehension of the geography; but 
he is now anxious for the adoption of my amend- 
ment. My collcague [Mr. WOODSON who rep- 
resents tho district near the mouth of t ue Kansas 
river is also in favor of it. 
Mr. CURTIS. did think that the fairest way 
would have been to leave thc point open, specify- 
ing only the western border of xMissouri or Iowa, 
and let all Ehe different railroads compete for the 
terminus on the western frontier of those twa 
States. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Will the gentle- 
man from Iowa permit me? 
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I am not partic- 
ularly interested in any of those roads; but I want 
to make a sugestion. I propose to strike out all 
after the words " said river" in the seventh line, 
up to and including the word " Riley," in the 
mnth line, and to insert: 
Thence up the Missouri valley to or near the fortieth par- 
allel of north latitude. 
That will accommodate all parties. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have no objection 
to take that. 
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Missouri 
had better take the amendments adopted by the 
Senate; and afterwards, if they prove to be too 
much of an incumbrance, we can get rid of them 
by further legislation at another Congress. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, two points have been made 
in the Senate. Through the efforts of the Sen- 
ators from Missouri, the point at or near the 
mouth of the Kansas has been obtained för the 
interest of St. Louis; and for some reason they 
have also put in Fort Riley as a point. This 
last point is, perhaps, one degree south of a due 
west line from the mouth of the Kansas. 
Now, sir, one gentleman [Mr. MONTGOMERY] 
has said that this route is thus made a most ex- 
traordinary zig-zag line. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania says it first runs northwest, then 
southwest, then north, then west, then south; and 
in that way he made it appear a perfect abortion. 
Now, what are the facts? The Senate amendment 
has fixed Kansas City as a starting point. From 
thence the route proceeds almost due west, per- 
haps, as I have said, one degree south of west, to 
Fort Riley; from whence, Fort Kearny being 
made a point, the route proceeds in a northwest- 
erly direction. From that point there is no ma- 
tenal change of direction to the Salt Lake valley, 
and thence to California; all the way near the 
latitude of 410, and in a very direct line. 
The other branch, for Iowa, still remains the 
same as in the House bill, starting from some 
point on the western border of the State of Iowa: 
The two branches are straight lines, one starting 
from Missouri and the other from Iowa; and they 
are so arranged as to start, one north and the other 
south of the point occupied by my friend from 
Missouri. 
If they will only continue the Han- 
nibal and St. .Toseph road in a direct line, until it 
intercepts either branch of the Pacific road, they 
will have a better line then than any one from St. 
Louis; and they will have the same advantages 
that all the roads in Iowa wili have when they 
are prolonged, as they will all come withili the 
angle of these two lines which embrace both States. 
Now, gentlemen undertake to say that the whole 
North—the whole Lake country—is going to be 
iønored. Why, sir, the roads running from Chi- 
cago through northern Illinois, if they are pro- 
longed as they are now being extended, will also 
come within this angle; and therefore, I say that 
all the lines running west from Chicago and from 
St. Louis,and all eastand wrest lines between these 
cities, and therefore the main lines through Penn- 
sylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, between lat- 
itud@ 380 and 410 north latitude, will come within 
this angle, and will all be accommodated; and any 
of them can claim to be the main Pacific route just 
as -fairly as those on any exterior line can claim 
that advantage. 
But the gentleman says they •vvill have to build 
their own Pacific railroad. Well, sir, 
it wriEl be 
doing just as we in Iowa have had to do. We 
have some six or seven lines of road running from 
east to west through the State of Iowa, and they 
have all to be prolonged to meet this main line, 
i and enjoy the advantage of the Pacific railroad. 
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The gentleman will 
remember that Iowa has received land grants for 
her roads to the extent of millions of acres from 
the Government. We have had to build ours 
without. 
Mr. CURTIS. And has Missouri received 
lands. I hope, therefore, thegentleman fro)71 Mis- 
souri will not insist on putting in his amelidment. 
i should have been very glad if it had remained 
as the House passed it. 
I should have preferred 
to see it remain an open question as to the start- 
ing point on the western border of Missouri, as is 
the casc in regard 10 Iowa. But I see plainly that 
Senators will insist upon this particular amend- 
ment;and I shall therefore vote for it in the House, 
and hope it wili be adopted. 
In regard to the complaint that this bill is very 
incongruous and very elaborate, I have just this to 
say: I doubtthe capacityofevery man in t.his House 
togetupabill that will be human perfection. Iam 
very sorry that some of the honorable gentlemen 
who are colleagues of mine on the committee, if 
they can see incongruities in the bill now, did not 
see them the time when the bill was under con- 
sideration in committee, and have them stricken 
out. This bill has been amended and arncndcd 
over and over again för the last two years; all its 
[Mr. CRAIG] anticipated very properly my view merits have been discussed, and all its details have 
of this matter, that, in order to secure the bill, we been considered in detail by special committees 
