THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOIIN C. RIVES, WASI-IINGÆON, D. C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
of this House. I believe it is about as perfect a 
bill as one of its magnitude can be made, except- 
ing the repetitions and tautology incorporated by 
the Senate amendments. 
In regard to the charge 
that the bill involves interests of such magnitude 
that it should therefore be voted down, I will say 
that you can never secure the construction of a 
railroad to the Pacific without considerin5 matters 
of importance and magnitude. And I will say 
further, that a Pacific railroad cannot be carried 
through on a single idea, or to accommodate a 
single line of road. Make it as you may, subject 
it as you please, you will affect the whole railroad 
system of the -West, and each road will be enlisted 
in its ultimate advantages and success. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. As I do not intend 
to reply to the gentleman from Iowa, I ask him 
to answer me one or two questions. 
I desire to 
ask him if the amendment which I have proposed 
now is nota fair one, and if the route is not one 
demanded by the public interest ? 
Mr. CURTIS. The principal objection to my 
friend's amendment is, that it adds another fork i 
to the road. It bas been objected that it. already 
has too many forks and termini; and the gen- 
tleman now proposes to add another, in order to 
connect his point. 'The same which 
the gentleman ur&es in support of his amendment 
would apply to Iowa with equal force. 
line for Missouri, 
gentleman demands another 
there is no reason why I should not demand an- 
other line, so as to have two points in Iowa; and 
I think, under tho circumstances, he ought not to 
ask it. 
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman from 
(owa to give mc five minutes. 
I desire to say a 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
word. The reason why my friend from Iowa 
does not ask for two branches is, that the Senate 
did not fix the terminus of the Iowa branch at a 
-point that is not central in respect to that State, 
but they left it open to the whole western border 
Df that State; and i can prove by my friend from 
Iowa that such has been my wish in respect to 
the terminus of the Missouri branch. But the 
Senate have taken it upon themselves to fix the 
point of starting in respect to my State; and tak- 
ng that point to be settled, I think that the public, 
•will, the public good, and the public interest, dc- 
mand that this additional branch, which will not 
exceed fifty miles, and Inay not be fifteen, In 
I ask that as a repre- 
length, shall be granted. 
F,entative, upon this particular question, of the 
interests of six of the largest States in the Union. 
Mr. CURTIS. In respect to that in my 
opinion, there is nothing of it. It is nota fact that 
a gentleman starting fronl Philadelphia would be 
obliged to go over the Hannibal and St. Joseph 
railroad, or over any other pm•ticular route, to 
reach the Missouri river. Why, sir, you may reach 
it anywhere on a line of four or five hundred miles I 
in length , tha t will answer every purpose as a start- 
ing point. We have six or seven roads runninT 
through Iowa, any one of which prolonged, as 
now progressing, would, in my iudgment, furnish 
a more direct route than the Mannibtil and St. 
Joseph route. it is the intention that these roads 
shall be prolonged. And there is another road 
projected through Missouri—the State line road 
—which wili prove just as direct as the Hannibal 
and St. Joseph road. T hc representative of every 
road tells the public that his road is the most 
direct route. Why, sir, every through kine of 
road leading from the eastern cities to the Missis- 
sippi—from the roads through Canada to the Bal- 
timore and Ohio road—all claim that peculiar fit- 
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1861. 
the House how many miles of railroad are em- 
braced in this bill' and in the Senate amendments; 
and also, vv'hether any practical engineers have 
estimated the cost, of' these roads; and if so, what 
is that estimated cost? What I would ask is the 
estimated cost of the three roads proposed, and 
their branches. 
Mr. CURTIS. Thero are branches to the dif- 
ferent roads, created by the Senate amendments, 
which are nothing more than roads in Oregon and 
Washington, for which grants of land have been 
made just as the other States and Territories have 
recei ved grants where the Govern men t owns lands. 
rl'hey ought not to be counted in this matter. 
throw thcrn 01.1 t oc the estitnate. The three roads 
will require the construction of about five thou- 
sarfi.l miles of road; but the Government of the 
United States will not give bends for the whole 
extent of their cost. Thore is no such proposi- 
-in the bill. The people (.}f the United States 
have constructed thirty thousand miles of road 
with but littlc assistance from the United States; 
and under provision of (his bill, several thousand 
miles more may bc added in fifteen years. As to 
the question of the estimate of engineers, I will 
say, that they have considered and reported on 
all these roads, cxceptine only their branches. 
It is said that no railroad men would undertake 
to orcanize under (his coin pan y. All I will say 
is, that N'_lr. Cornine, of New Y 01'1<, who owns 
more railroad stock than any othcn• man in the 
United Slates, says that the bill is practicable, 
even with thc amendments of thc Sénat?, and 
rccommcnds that it be passed as it is. So Mr. 
Farnham, a wcll known and distinguished rail- 
road man, and rnau•y nthers, ad visc nie. 
Mr. BRANCH. What is the amount that 
practical cncrinecrs estimate Will be the cost of 
those three roads? 
Mr. CURTIS. They will cost, it is estimated, 
about three hundred million dollars; but the Gov- 
ernment of the United States will not be re- 
quired to advance any such sum. The, bill pro- 
vides for the loan of the Government credit to the 
amount of $125,000,000, in thirt.y year bonds. 
No money is to be drawn from the rrreasury. 
Mr. BURCH What will the land be worth 
that t hc Government wiil give? 
Mr. CURTIS. Nothing, if the road were not 
constructed; but what the Goverrkment. retains 
will hc largely enhanced in value by the building 
of' the roa.d. 
Mr. BURCI"I. If the value of the landg be 
dedi.icted, the roads will not cost more than 
Mr. BRANCH. One question iii reference to 
the cost of these roads; I beheve the gentlcrnan 
from Iowa is a practical engineer himself. The 
question I wish to ask him is this: Docs hc know 
of any railroad in the settled portions the 
United States, where labor is abundant and pro- 
visions cheap, built through a mount.ainous coun- 
try, that cost less than $100,000 a mile? 
Mr. CURTIS. That is more than roads cost 
It is not calculated 
now, even in the mountains. 
that they witl cost' at this day rnore than $40,000 
a mile, as they run through plains. 
W c arc now making roads in the West at less 
than $20,000 a mile. Roads are constructed upon 
the Plains and in the mountainous regions of the 
country much cheaper than formerly. I now 
yield to the gentleman from New York, provided 
he will call för the previous question. 
Mr. SICKLES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman 
from Virginia, [Mr. PRYOR, I at thc very outset of 
the consideration of those arnendments of the Sen- 
ness of shortest, best, and cheapest. So our roads II ate, assails the measure as impracticable, as un- 
through Iowa and Missouri will hereafter contend II constitutional, and utterly beyond the capacity of 
for these advantag•es in reaching the Pacific road. II this Government to execute. 
I am sir, 
Let us look at this thing fairly. It is mainly a to l'}ght. at the threshold, upon all his 
objections: l'}or shall I detain the House Iono•with 
quest.ion between Hannibal and St. .ToselTh 
what t shall have to say in reply. He says it. is 
railroad and what is galled the Pacific railroåd, 
impracticable. By that assertion he impeaches 
in Missouri. The same conflict is engendered 
between the roads in Iowa. Thev are ignored, i the scientific researches and the mechanical genius 
of the age; for, sir, for ten years past the scientific 
just as my friend's road in Missouri is neglected. 
Mr. BRANCH. I want to ask the gentleman ability 6f this country has concentrated its atten- 
a question for information I wish him to inform tion upon the practicability of this Work; and I will 
56 
New SERIES..... NO. 56. 
accept, their demonstration of • its feasibility; and 
stand•upon it, against the naked assertion: of'the: 
gentleman from 'Virginia. When the Baltimore 
and Ohio railroad was projected, its originators 
were ridiculed as demented, and thoSe Who 
barked in the enterprise were denounced as impos- 
tors. 
Thé gentleman from Virginia, to-day, occupies 
the same relation to •the' proposed Pacific com- 
municdtiohi that the skeptics of' 1830 occupied in 
reference tothe projected scheme of the Baltimore 
and Ohio railroad.' When you pass this bill, his- 
tory will refute his extravagant Objedtionsto this 
measure as effectually as eiperiehce has demon- 
strated the absurdity of the objectionsmadé tovthé 
earlier 'projected in this country. At-tlfis 
moment, Mr. Speakier, wh&cn: the telegraph carries 
our thoughts over sea and land from Londoh to 
Calcutta, from the Rhine to the Ganges, is it' for 
American policy and genius and enterprise -to 
pausc bcfore the rashly-ventured objections of 
t:nere doctrinaires. No, sir. This railroad will be 
It will be built by American capital' and 
built. 
American capacity 
Nor will diere be a •very-'large- draft upon con• 
stitutionai scruples in executino• it. I wilt remind 
the gentleman from Virginia that the Cabinet of 
• . - —in his judgment, I presume, a, 
President 
wise, cautious, and statesmanlike Cabinet—was 
unanimous in the opinion- that ittwas constitut- 
tional for the Government •to aid in ther construc• 
tion of a road which would, as this road is re- 
quired to do,' transport the mails, munitions Of War, 
and ti•Oops of the United States. The Cabinet of 
Mr. Buchanan is also a unit on the Same queStion, 
and has been so through all its phåses. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. If the gentleman will 
permit me, I will maké a single rernårk, aid it is 
[his: all the great parties in this co•untry, repre- 
sented in national conventions, have indorsed not 
only the constitutionality, but the feasibility ofa 
Pacific railroad. 
Mr. SICKLES. That is the very next remark 
I proposed to make. I believe the gentleman from 
Virginia concurred with my friend from Illinois 
in his choice ofa candidate for President. That 
statesman—I allude, of course, to the honorable 
Senator from Illinois [Mr. DOUGLAS] 
—has been 
distinguished for his long and devoted advocacy 
I might also add, 
ofa Pacific railroad measure. 
tl'lat the ('lcct of the southern confed- 
eracy ad vocated and recommended the con- 
struction of a Pacific railroad as constitutional 
and practicable. 
Mr. PRYOR. Does thc gentleman state that 
Hon. JEFFERSON DAvrs favbrs the cohétruCtiOn• 
of a Pacific i'ailroad ? 
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly. General DAVIS hag 
frequently ad vocated the constitutionality:and feas- 
ibility ofa Pacific railroad. I heard him myself; 
in a speech delivered in' Philadelphia when he was 
accompanying President Pierce to New York, in• 
dorse the constitutionality of the measure. 
But, to pass from the authority of individuals, 
I amrm, as suggested to me by the gentleman from 
I Illinois, [Mr. MCCLE.RNAND.] that all the ptirties 
| 1 n this country, and all the platforms which have 
been made during the last eight years,.have de• 
clared, as a settled question of constitutional law 
and public policy, that the Pacific railroad is con- 
stitutional and practicable and necessary. 
The gentleman from Virginia compares this 
work to the Colossus of Rhodes and to the pyra- 
mids of Egypt. Why, sir, neither he nor I 
know how many thousand- years since, human 
hands erected those monuments; and it is poor 
compliment to bhe progress of civilization to say 
that the Pacific railroad cannot be built by human 
hands in this veneration, when three' thousand 
! years ago the pyramids were constructed by the 
and resou rces of that epoch. 
Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman allow me a 
moment? 
i SICKLES. Certainly. 
Mr. PRYOR. The gentleman impeaches my 
intelligence; Let me aSSuÉö- Iiiin- Chat we have 
the testimony of authentig historians for the-fact, 
