1861. 
Ether ,Shepley, Joshua B. Osgood, and twenty- 
five hundred others, citizens of Portland, Maine, 
praying Congress to pass such meo.sures of con- 
ciliation and compromise as shall heal sectional 
strife; which was ordered to be laid on the tab}e. 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of 
Gorham, Maine, praying Congress to pass such 
measures of conciliation and compromisc as shall 
heal sectional strife; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of 
Brunswick and Topsham, Maine, praying Con- i 
gress to pass such measures of conciliation and 
compromisc as shall heal sectional strife; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. HALE present.ed the petition of Captain 
French Forrest, of the United States Navy, pray- 
ing for additional compensation for his services 
while in command of the Pacific squadron; which 
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. 
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on I 
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 
895) making appropriations for sundry civil ex- 
penses of the Government for the year elidinff 
June 30, 1862, have instructed me to report it with 
sundry amendments. 
I move that the bill and 
amendments be printed ; and I desire to give notice 
that I shall ask the Senate to take up that bill for 
consideration on Friday next, at one o'clock. 
The motion to print was agreed to. 
DEXTER R. CROCKER. 
Mr. LANE. 1 move to take up bill (S. No. 
546) for the relief of DextcreR. Crocker. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 hope not, until petitions 
presented. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOOT in 
the chair.) The Senator from Oregon u•noves to 
take up the bill indicated by him. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 appeal to the Senator from 
Oregon to allow us to present petitions. 
Mr. LANE. I should like to have the bilt taken 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
883 
Mr. FITCH presented a memorial of citizens ute the fund paid by NewGramda,under thecon- 
of Monroc county, Indiana, praying the adoption vcntion between the tv;o .countries., 
of the compromise rneasures proposed: IJY Hon. 
zens of the United States are interested in it. The 
Mr. CRITTENDEN ; which was ordered to lie on bill wilt take no timc; and I •ask that it may be 
the table. 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of 
Orange cou nty, Indiana, praying the adoption of 
the compromise measures proposed by Hon. Mr. 
CRITTENDEN', wi')ich svas ordered to lie on the 
table. 
a memorial of citizens of 
He also presented 
Putnam county, Indiana, prayiltg the a.doption of 
the compromise measures proposed by Hon. Mr. 
CRITTENDEN; which was ordered to lie on the 
table. 
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Finance, 
to whom was referred the amendments of the Sen- 
ate to the bill of the House (No. 892) making 
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and 
judicial expenses of the Government for the year 
ending the 30th of Jun•e, 1862, disagreed to by the 
House, reported thereon. 
The Senate procecded to consider its amend- 
mentR to the said bill, disagreed to by the House 
of Representatives; and 
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was 
That the Senate insist upon its mnendments 
to the said bill disagreed to by the [louse of Representa- 
tives. and ask a con:erence on the disagreeing votes of the 
two Houses thereon. 
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was 
Ordered, 
'.Phat the conuniltee of' conference on the part 
of' the Senate he. appointed by the Vice President. 
Mr. PEARCE, , i r. LATHAM, and Mr. DlxoN 
were appointed. 
R RPOP,TS FROM COMMITTEES. 
FITCH, from the Committee on Printing, 
to whom was referred a motion to print five thou-• 
sand additional copies of the Commercial. Rela- 
tions of the United States with Foreign Nations, 
for the year 1860, reported the following resolu- 
up now. 
Mr. HALE. I hope not, until petitions are in. tion; which was considered by unanimous con- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Oregon yield to the presentation of 
petitions ? 
Mr. LANE. Certainly. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. 
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition of citizens of , 
Derby, Connecticut, praying Congress to stand 
firm • by the Constitution of our country as it is, il 
the Unioil of the States, and the enforcerncnt of 
the laws; and pledging themselves to maintain, 
protect, and defend, separately, unitedly, and con- 
scientious]y, these great principles of public lib- 
erty and national safety; which was ordered to 
lie on the table. 
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of citizens of 
Bethany, in the State of Connecticut, pra.ving that 
such measures may be speedily adopted Eby Con- 
gress for the settlement of our present difficult.ies 
as will embrace substantially the pian of compro- 
mise recommended by the representatives of the 
border States; and which, they believe, will re- 
stere tranquillity and peace to our now distracted 
country; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
sent, and agreed to: 
Reso?.ccd., "A'hat four thousand additionat copies of the 
Connnorcial Relations of the United States IVith Foreign 
Natimos, för the year eliding Septetnber 30, 1860, be printed, 
in quarto törm. Ibr thc use of the Senate, and one thousand 
additional copies for the use of the State Departinent. 
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. 
Mr. FESSENDEN, the Committee on 
Finance, to were referred the amendments 
of the Senate to the bill ( El. R. No. 864) making 
appropriations the consular and diplomatic 
expenses of tl'1C Government, for tho year ending 
Juno 30, 1862, disaQrreed to by the I-louse of Rep- 
resentatives, and the amendment of 1 he House to 
tho seventh amendment of the Senate to the said 
bill, reported thereon. 
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend- 
ments to the bill 'H. R. No. 864) disagreed to 
by the House of Representatives, and the amend- 
ment of the House to the seventh amendment of 
the Senate to the said bill; 
on motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was 
Resotee.d, That the, Senate insist upon its arnendznents 
to the said bill, disagreed to by the Ilnuse of Representa- 
He also presented a memorial of C. Brad- tives, disagrcc to the amendinentofthe Houseto thesevcnth 
amendment of the Senate to the said bill. and ask a con- 
ley, United States commissioner on claims in 
fercncc on thc disagreciug votes of the two Houses thereon. 
China, praying remuneration for his services and On In olio n Mr. FESSENDEN, it was 
sacrifices in the execution of kis duty; which was 
Ordered, rl'hat the committee of conference ou the part 
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
Mr. BIGLER presented the proceedings of a Senate be appointed by the Vice President. 
Mr. FESSENDEN, Mr. SAULSBURY, and Mr. 
public meeting held at Wilkesbarre, Luzerne 
' CLINGMAN were appointed. 
county, Pennsylvania, on the 1st instant, com- i, 
posed of men of ail political parties, in favor of an 
IN UNDA'IION OF THE MISSISSIPPI. 
adjustment of our national di•mculties on the basis 
Mr. JOHNSON. of Arkansas, submitted the 
! taken up for consideration. The bill I .refer to is 
Senate bill No. 543. 
Mr. HALE. I hope not, until petitions are in. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
I ator from Virginia yield to the introduction of 
petitions? 
Mr. MASON. fl*his bill will occupy but a few 
miE)utes. 
It is onc of great public interest, and I 
think morc so than the presernation of petitions. 
I ask the Senate to take it up. 
Mr. CAMERON. After petitions are through 
with, I shall have no objection. I ask the gentle- 
man to allow me a moment for that purpose. I 
have had petitions on my hands for a week, and 
1 want to get clear of them. 
MI'. MASON. Thc gendeman knows very 
well, if I yield tho floor I Shall not again have an 
opportunity to get the bill up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Virginia moves to take up a bil} to carry 
into effect a convention between the United States 
and the Republic of New Granada. 
Mr. MASON. It will take but a few minutes. 
T lie motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. 
543) to carry into emct a convention between the 
United States and the Republic of New Granada, 
was read the second time, and considered as in 
Cmnmittee of the Whole. 
It provides that the 
President of the United States, by and. with the 
advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint 
acommissioner, whose duty it shall be, conjointly 
with a coinmissioner appointed by the Govern- 
ment of New Granada, to investigate, adjust, and 
I determine the amount of the claims of citizens of 
the United States against the Government of New 
Granada, pursuant to the terms of a convention 
signed at Washington, on the 10th of September, 
1857. And in like manner the President is to ap- 
point a secretary to the commissioner in behalf 
of the United Statcs, versed in the English and 
Spanish languages, and thc board is authorized 
to appoint a clerk; and provision is made for the 
compensation of the respective omeers who are 
to be appointed, and for such contingent expenses 
of the commissi01') on the part of the United States 
as shall be reasonable and proper. The commis- 
sioner on the part of the United States, in conjunc- 
tion with the commissioner on the part oftheGov- 
ernment of New Granada, are to be authorized to 
all needful rules and regulations for con- 
nqake, 
ducting the business of their commission; and the 
Secretary of State is to transmit to the commis- 
sioner such papers or records relatinT to the com- 
mission as he ilia y deem proper, or as may be 
called for by the commissioners; and at the term- 
ination of the commission, all the records, docu- 
ments, and all v other papers which have been 
brought before the commissioners, or which may 
I be in possession of their secretary, are to be de- 
[ posited in the Department of State; but the com- 
missioner on the part of New Granada is not to 
be prevented from depositing in the Department 
of State certified copies or duplicates of papers filed 
on behalf of his Government instead of originals. 
Upon suggestion by any claimant that a witness 
whose testimony may be deemed important to 
him, refuses, or is unwilling, to testify in regard 
to his claim, it will be competent for the board of 
commissioners to issue a commission to some 
suitable person to take the testimony of the wit- 
ness, and such witness may be compelled to ap- 
pear and testify before such commissioners in the 
same manner as is now provided by law in the 
ease of commissions issued from the courts of the 
I United States. All acknowledgment of indebted- 
' ness on the part of the Government of New Gra- 
of the, resolutions of the Senator Kontucky, resolution; which x„vas considered by 
nada to claimants, citizens of the United States, 
[Mr. CRITTENDEN,] and also in favor of submit- 
unanimous consent, and agreed to: 
not exceeding in the amount awarded any one 
ting the same to a vote of the people; which was 
ResoZÜed, That the Secretary of VVar be requested to 
citizen the sum of $1,000, being established by the 
ordered to lie on the table. 
conununicate to the Senate the report of Captain A. A. 
award of the board of commissioners, is to be 
He also presented a memorial of citizens of 
Humphreys, topographical engineers, upon the results of the 
delivered to the Government of the United States, 
Chestercounty, Pennsylvania, praying the speedy surveys and investigations made under the act of Congress 
directing the top02Fapl\ic.ai and hydrographical survey of and made payable thereto; and the United States 
adoption of such measures as wili substantially the delta ofthe 
-•ippi river, with such investigations 
embrace the compromise proposed by Hon. Mr. 
I' as niight lead to deterlnine the most practicable. pian for 
CRITTENDEN', which was ordered to lie on the securing it fronu inundation. 
table. 
CLAIMS AGAINST NEW GRANADA. 
He also presented a petition of citizens of Free- 
Mr. MASON. There on Calendar 
port, Armstroncr county, Pennsylvania, and its 
vicinity, prayil'ig the adoption of the compromise to carrv into effect the convention between the 
measures proposed by Hon. Mr. CRITTENDEN ; Ijnited States and the Republic of New Granada. 
It is simply to authorize a commission to distrib- 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
will thereupon assume and pay to such claimants, 
at the Treasury, upon the certificate of the board 
of commissioners, whatsoever sums of money 
shall have been severally awarded them, the Gov- 
ernlmont. of the United States becoming thereby 
the creditor of the Government of New Granada, 
for the aggregate of all sums so assumed and 
paid, and entitled to receive, to that ex±nt, the 
