THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 13, 
to the same conclusion with the honorable Sen- 
payment stipulåpd and gu*rantipd under the third 
atör, that I am sure to be right. 
ainc-le of the Conyentiop. 
The ainendmen! was agreed to. 
Thé bitr appropriates a guficient gum to pay 
Mr. MASON. Since- this bill was reported, 
the compensation of the offcers, the contingent 
the necessity has arisen for a similar convention 
expense•s lthe commissioner on the part of the 
to adjust claims that have been admitted by the 
United States, the compensation and expenses of 
Republic of Costa Rica; and I therefore offer, as 
the umpire under the convention, which is re- 
quired to be defrayed by the United States; and 
an amendment to this bill, exactly the same pro- 
visions, to carry out the convention with Costa 
Ilkewise the awards which may be. made. 
Rica, as are contained in the bill to carry out the 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
convention with Ncw- Granada. I offer it as an 
serves, and regrets to observe, general and loud 
amendment to this bill in order that both may be 
in all parts of the galleries. The 
Chair has now- to announce that that conversation 
provided for in the same bill: 
must be entirely suspended. It interferesseriously 
SEC. 9. That the President of the United States, by and 
with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint 
with the progress of the business. the body. 
a cormnissioner, whose duty it shall be, conjointly with 
Mr. GREEN. Mi•. President— 
a commissioner appointed by the Government of Costa 
Mr. MASON. - Let me perfect the bill. 
Rica, to investigate, adjust, and determine the amount of' 
Mr. GREEN. I wish to propose an amendment. 
the claims of citizens ot' the United State-s against the Gov- 
crnmellt of CQSta Rica, pursuant to the tennsof a conven- 
•Mr.- MASON. I submit to the Senator that, 
t.ion signed at San ,losc, on the 2d dav of July, 1860. 
repreenvting the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
SEC. 10. .Bnd be it further enacted, "That the compensa- 
whö frepörted the bill, I should be allowed to per- 
tion of the cormnissioner for whose appointment provision 
feet-it •first, and then he can move his amendments 
is Inade by this act, shall be, in full iOr his services, $— ; 
and the President of the United States eghall be, and he is 
afterwa rds. 
hereby, authorized to rnako such provision for the contin- 
Mr. GREEN. very well. 
gent expenses of the said cornmission on the part of the 
Mr. MASON. In section three there are two 
United States as shall to him appear reasonable and proper. 
blanks. The first is for the compensation of the 
SEC. i k. -Rnd be it further enacted, That the said com- 
missioner on the part of the United States, in conjunction 
comrmssioner. This bill, tnutfdis 'nutandis, is -pre- 
with the commissioner on the part of Costa Rica, shall be, 
cisely similar to the bill for the samé character of 
claims against the Government of Parasluay. The 
regulations tor conducting the business of their 
said com- 
duration of the commission to adjust the claims 
Illission ; such rules and regulations not contravening the 
Const[t.l.ltion of thc United Sates, the provisions of this act, 
aoginst the Republic of Paraguay •was limited, by 
or the provisions of the said convention. 
the terms of 1110 tH.•aty, to three months, and Con- 
Sec. 12. and be it further enacted, 'I'hat the Secretary of 
gi•eSs, in raising that commission, fixed the com- 
State is hereby authorized and required 10 transmit to the 
said ccnntni$*ioucr such papers or- records relatin«r to the 
pvnsation o? the commissioner at $1,500. There 
propei•, or as inay be 
said connnission as he lnay deetn 
a letter here from the Department, accompany- 
called for by the said cotnnlissioners, and at. the tennina- 
ing the convention; dated the 22d of January, in 
which the Secretary snys: 
other papers which have been brought beforo the conunis- 
stoners, or which may be in possession of their secretary, 
G Thé get of May 16, 1860, to carry into effort the con- 
shall be (leposited in the l)epartmcnt of State: Proutidcd, 
vention between tRe United Sta!es aud the Republic of Par- 
That this section shall not be so construed as to prevent 
agü•a-y-:, Would. -tt is bélieved, cover Ibe stipuiations or the 
the. conuniss•ioner on the part of Costa Rica froin deposit* 
but it was difficult to find a person ot• suitable 
convention ; 
ing in the said Departinent. certificd copies or du plicates 
qtialificntions to accept the office eoinrnissiöner UHder 
of papers filcd on bellalt• ot• his Governrnclit, instead of ori- 
the convention with Paraguay at the low rate or corn pen - 
cation which was provided by the act carryincr it into efitet. 
SEC. 13. And be it further enactcd, That upon suggestion 
It-is eonseouently suggested that, as the connnission under 
by au.v claitnant that a witness whose testitnnny Illay be 
the convention with Costa Rica—" 
(feeuned ilnportaut to hill), ret•nses or is unwilling to testify 
ib shall be cornpetent tor said board 
It refers cqually to New Granada— 
in regard to his claiEn, 
of' connnissioue.rs to issue a connnission to sonue suitahie 
is nuthori'4éd to -be to nine months, the pay of 
person to take the testilnony of such witness, and suci-t 
the coirnniSsioner should be at 'the ratc of $3,000 a year." 
witness niay be cornpelied to appear and testify betOre such 
eonunissioners in the smne Inanuer as is now provided by 
I remember. very well, as other Senators re- 
law: in the case of commissions issued fron) the courts of the 
.thut several gentlemen were invited to 
United States. 
aet- as.cqmmisgiQnerS in' the case of Pat•oguay, and 
SEC. 14. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the compen- . 
authorized by the first section, 
important that '.va should have 
sation of the conunission 
deglinöd it. 
nud coutingcnt expenses of' the 011 the part , 
I move, therefore, accord- 
a competent rnan 
(It' the United States, and for the contpengation and ex- 
ance with the suggestion of the Secret.ary, to fill 
penscs of the u•npire under the said convention, which are 
that blank with " 
required to bc defrayed by the United States, such sums as 
bc necessary be, and [hey Ilereby are. appropriated, 
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator, why 
out of any rnoney in tile "Treasury not otherwise appropri- 
not make it the amount' which the Secretary rec- 
This. is a very importunt 
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Chair 
serves certain blanks in lilis tunendment. Does 
Mr. MASON. Allow me one moment. 
the Sei'H1tor from Virginia propose to fill them? 
rather more than the Sec.rctary rec.omtnended, to 
Mr. MASON. I think there is but one blank. 
avoid fractions. The Secretary recon•nnended 
"L'bere„ is a blank there for the salary of the com- 
compensalion at the rate of $3,000; but as the 
If there is any otl)tn•, the Secretary 
missioner. 
conimission is to contil')ue only nine months, this 
will be good enough to notify the Chair. 
surn is at a rate rather more thall that. 
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
only one, the Chair is informed. 
from Virginia moves to amend by filling the blank 
Mr. MASON. The commission in this case 
with "$2,500. " 
also is limited in its duration to nine months, as 
Mr. G W {N. I suggest to the Senator who rcp- 
i was the case widi New Granada. I move to fill 
rcscntg the committee, that nine months is a very 
the blank Wilh the same surn, $2,500. 
short period in which to transact all this business. 
i The amendment to the amendment •vvas agreed 
T herc are claims to the amount of $600 ,000 in Cal- 
to. 
I am very sorry. that limitation is in the 
i forma. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThcChairun- 
derstands from the Secretary that a verbal anicnd- 
The amendment was agreed to. 
ment is required in the fourteenth section, to make 
Mr. MASON. The next blank is in line six 
it conform. 
of the third section, for servicos of secretary and 
Mr. MASON. It is a more verbal modification 
interpreter." The law requires that. that secretary 
second," 
and 
that is-required, to strike out 
shall be versed in the English and Spanish lan- 
tenth. 
insert 
guagee, requiring a Necu.liar sort of man. I move . 
PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi- 
it 
to ill Lhat brank with 
i cation will be Inade. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
'The amendment as amended was agreed to. 
Mr. SEWARD. -In behalf of the Committee 
I The bill was reported to the Senate as amended; 
on Foreign Relations, I wish to move a further 
I and the amendments were concurred in, and the 
amendment; to strike outof section seven the fol- 
bili ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time. 
lowing words: 
It was read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. GREEN. title of the bill ought to be 
NOt exceeding, in the amount awarded any one citizen, 
the sum of $1,000." 
amended, by adding the words " and Costa Rica." 
Mr. SE!WARD. it was thought there was no 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modifi- 
neeesSity for that discrimination in the bill. 
cation will be made by common consent. 
Mr GREEN. That is the mantical amend- 
PRINTING or DOCUMENTS. 
me-nt intQi)ded to propose. 
Mr. "WARD 1 fliwaysthink, when 1 come Mr. FITCH, directed by the Committee 
on Printing, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 
552) relative to printing extra numbers of mes_- 
sages, reports, and documents, to report it back 
without amendment, and recommend its passage. 
It is designed to protect Congress from and after 
the 4th of March, under the new system of print- 
ing, from errors, &c., into which they are now 
almost occessarily led. The bill is very brief, and, 
can lead to no discussion; and I desire to put it 
on its at once. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Indiana asks the general consent of the Sen- 
ate to consider the bill indicated by him. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 hope not. 
Mr. FITCH. If there is any opposition, I 
shall nqt press it. It is a matter of public interest. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 have a motion to make of 
more importance. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be- 
ing made to its consideration, the bill lies over. 
Mr. FITCH. Does a single objection carry 
the consideration of the bill over? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does, on the 
day it is reported. 
COUNTING 014' ELECTORAL VOTES. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 move now to take up the 
reeularorderoftheday,thotariff bill. Oh no ! " 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Refore we proceed to the 
consideration of that bill, which of course will 
takc considerable time to dispose of, I desire to 
make a report in connection with our business 
to-day in t.he other House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Son- 
ator from Pennsylvania yield the floor? 
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot, unless it is under- 
stood that I give way only for that purpose; and 
that, after that, my motion can be carried into 
effect. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 
question, con nected with the election of President, 
to carry out the action of the two Houses meeting 
in joint convention. I am instructed by the com- 
mittee appointed on the part of the Senate and 
the House of Representatives to make a report. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from Perm.sylvania yield the floor? 
Mr. CAMERON. With the understanding 
that my motion is to bc carried into effect imme- 
diately afterwards, I will. 
Mr. HALE, do not agree to that. 
Mr. CAMERON. Then 1 do not yield. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to suspend all 
other business for the purpose of making a report 
from the committee of the two Houses, in con- 
nection with the election of President. 
mere formal resolution, and I suppose it will be 
adopted in a moment. 
Mr. MASON. It seems to me to be but re- 
spectful to a coördinate department of the Gov- 
crnment, that this subject should be acted on 
promptly. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has 
no hesitati&n in regarding the. proposition of the 
Senator from Illinois as a privileged one, con- 
nected as it is with the proceedings of this day in 
reference to the election of President and Vice 
President, and will receive the report of the Sen- 
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. CAMERON. Then 1 shall give way; bc- 
cause, if it is a privileged question, it does not in- 
terförc with my motion. 
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly not. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The of the two 
Houses, appointed to devise a mode for canvass- 
ing the votes for President and Vice President of 
the United States, and for notifying the persons 
elected of their election, have instructed me to 
make the follox,ving report: 
'That the joint comnnttee, in further execution of the 
duties with which they wct•c charged by the two Houses 
of Congress, have agreed to the iOllowing resoiution, in 
which resofution their committee recommend to the Sen- 
ate to concur: 
Resolced, That a committee of one member o? the Senate 
be appointed by that bodv, to join a committee ot• two 
ii mernbers of the House ot• 'Representatives to be appointed 
by li.•at House, to wait on Abraham Lincoln, of Illinois, 
i and to notif'y him that he has been duly elected President 
of the United States for four years, cotnmencing with *he 
4th day ofN1arch, 165t ; and also to notity Uanuibal Harn- 
Iin, of Maine, that he has been duly elected Vice 
of the United States for four years, eotrunencing with the 
4th day of March, 1861. 
MI'. MASON. I do not know whether that 
resolution is in the usual form, and I will ask the 
Senator that question. 
