886 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 13, 
petition with the labor and industry of our coun- 
try. As an exception to this, they have raised 
•the duty to 33} per cent. on such wines as-are not 
specific. They have put a specific duty upon t.he 
higher cost wines, as well as a specific duty upon 
brandies and spirits. 
I make the statement of the general outline of 
the plan. It will not do•for Senators to criticise 
this measure by the statements that have- been 
printed- and laid on our tables, in order to see 
whether or not i',.re have exceeded those rates. 
During the investigation on this subject, there has 
been -an unusual degree of interest manifested 
throughout the country. Various memorials have 
come here saying-this was suddenly sprung upon 
the country,- askmg us to delay its consideration 
until- they could find out what the provisions of 
this bill were; but we could find no reason for 
delay when we came to reflect that this bill has 
been printed more than two years; that it passed 
the House of Representatives very nearly a year 
ago; was printed in all t.hc newspapers; came here 
to the Senate, and was referred to the Committee 
on Finance, [ believe5 on t.he 10th of May last; 
and has been, so far as the friends of a sound 
system of duties are concerned, approved of and 
intended to be passed from that day to this, when- 
ever there was an opportunity to get at its con- 
sideration. 
We have- endeavored strictly to confine our- 
selves within the rules that I have stated in the 
general route of travel in changing this revenue 
system. We have not been unmindful, at the 
same time, of the effect that such increased rates 
of -duty would have upon the industry of the 
country, -upon the consun'iers of merchandise of 
the country, and its effect commerce; for, 
let me say, that every member of that committee, 
so far as I know, and I believe every one, ex- 
pressed the opinion that they regarded the navi- 
gating and commercial interests of this country 
with as high a degree of favor as any other pur- 
suits in the country. There is no purpose to 
trench upon them or to raise this revenue to their 
detriment any further than a • sufiicient revenue 
may prove a detriment to all who have to pay the 
taxes. There was no purpose of crippling any 
branch of trade. The delegations that. have been 
before us from the different cities representing 
the commercial and navigating interests of the 
country, have all been 4tssured that we intend no 
hostile purpose against those branches of busi- 
ness and industry; and I trust. they svere assurcd 
in such a -manner that lhey will ret.u1•n to their 
constituencies and make that declaration without 
hesitation. 
The Senator from New York has called my 
at.tenti0D to the warehousing system; and as t.hat 
is upon my tnind, 1 will speak upon it now. 'I'he 
committee have very much increased the time 
allowed. by the bill as it came from the Ilouse of 
Representatives. That biil required the duties to 
be paid within one month from the time of entry, 
and all goods in warehouse to pay the duties in 
cash wilhin thirty days from the passage of this 
bill. S,'Ve have taken into (.he l)e- 
culiar slate of the country, the vast annount of 
imports now in the warehouses, 
and i)) order to 
prevent a sudden call on these importers far the 
•amount of revenue upon those imports, l')ave con- 
cluded to postponc the operation of' the bill in refü 
erence to the warehouse system for nearly five 
months, until the 1st of July next, leaving the im- 
porters of those goods an opportunity, and then, 
after that time, we are not to call for the duties 
under threc months, postponing all claim upon 
the goods now In warehouse until the 1st of Oc- 
tobei' next, unless they desire to take t.l'lem out 
sooner for consumption. considered t.hat was 
due to the present condition of the coun cry—altered 
as it has been in many respects sine.e t_he orders 
ing of a committee of the Chamber of Commerce 
of New York, that, if it was to their conve- 
nience, I would be-willing to extend -it to nine 
months beyond that time; making in all, from the 
time of entry to the time at which they would 
have a right to a return of the duties, one year. 
A single member of that committee said that 
he thought that ought to be satisfactory; others 
thought the time should be extended even further; 
but, upon consultation with other members of the 
committee, we thought that that was as long a 
time as was safe for the Treasury. M/ e thought 
it was the duty of the committee to look to the 
interests of this Government. One of the reasons 
for not extending the time for the payment of 
duties is this: goods go into warehouse to a very 
much larger extent than usual when there is a re- 
vulsion in trade. At the very time when the Gov- 
ernment is getting but very little money from im- 
portations, owing to the stagnation of business, 
what little imports come in go into warehouse to 
avoid the paytnent of duties, as we have scen 
within the last sixty days; and we have been 
driven into thc strcets for money with the exac- 
tions that have been made upon this Government, 
of from 12 to 36 per cont. per annum, for the loan 
of money for a year. 
That circumstance seems to be brought up here 
by some members of the Senate as a matter of 
gratification to them that the- Government of the 
United States should be reduced to these necessi- 
ties. 
It is a matter of great mortification to me 
that the credit of this Government should be im- 
paire nder any circumstances; and it is for the 
rcaso hat we cannot afford to give these exten- 
Sive credits that we have hitherto done, that the 
committee thought it prudent and expedient, nay, 
even indispensable, to the safety of the Govern- 
ment that they should be shortened. W heu cred- 
its were extended,and this warehouse systern was 
first adopted, one year was the extent of the term 
for which they could lie in warehouse; but, as our 
resources increased, we had vast amounts of 
money in our Treasury doing nobody any good, 
locked up from the community; and these credits 
were enlarged in order that the money might do 
good to somebody, and they were enlarged with- 
out interest, and l)ropcrly enlarged ; for any facil- 
ity we can give to trade and commerce, without 
paying too dearly for it ourselves, wc ought cheer- 
fully tk) give. But when we come to such a pass 
that the interests of the Government require us 
either to exact this pay in arcasonablc time, or to 
00 into the street to hire money to carry on the 
Government, I think duty to the Government re- 
quires us to shorten the credit within a reasona- 
ble time, not, to shorten it so that we should cm- 
barrasstheimportecsofmercllandise. Wo propose 
to give them three months to look about them- 
selves, and make arrangements and negotiations 
by which to obtain money to pay these duties; 
whereas; tbc bill, as it originally passed the House, 
provided that the duties should be paid in thirty 
days. 
Another consideration for n ot extending the time 
for this drawback l)eyond nine months is this: 
these debenturc as they used to bc called, 
whot•e goods were subject to drawback, will ac- 
cumulate and enlarge themselves according to the 
length of the timo -they a ro au*standing; and we 
thmurht that the stun of or 
perhaps in active times of commerce, 
would be as us it would be safc to allow to 
accumulate azainst the rlh•easury in prosperous 
times; for it will be recollected that the period of 
the greatest exportation of this foreicrn merchan- 
disc that is in our warehouses, is v,/hen there is a 
revuksion of trade in this country. MT hen the knar- 
kct is dull hero, merchants look abrQad to seli the 
goods that are In wareaouse. When the market 
is dull hero, the receipts of the Treasury are small; 
I have stated it to these different gentlemen, who 
represented the great commercial cities, and had 
t.honght and expected that the disposition of the 
committee to do everything within the verge df 
prudence that they could do, without jeopardiz- 
mg the Treasury too much, would have satisfied 
these importers of foreign merchandise. But, 
President, whatever these delegations may say 
when they return to their constituents, I will say 
for them that they pressed their free-trade notions 
here, and their adherence to that idol with more 
than an eastern devotion. Nothing will induce 
them to give up this idea of havino goods remain 
three years without paying duties. No conces- 
sions that I have been able to make will appease 
them; and therefore, notwithstanding the state- 
ment of the Senator from New York, if he shall 
move to strike this all out, and leave it at three 
years, I shall appeal to the Senate, when that 
timo comes, to protect the Government of their 
country. I shall be as liberal as I think the Gov- 
ernmcnt can afford to be; for it is a great deal 
more pleasant to be liberal than to bc exacting, 
and more according to my disposition; but I know 
it is t.ime that this Government was looking about 
it, and providing means for its expenses without 
resorting to loans every year. 
I have stated that for four years I have endeav- 
ored to induce thöse who had the charge of the 
finances of the Go€ernment to look at this thing as 
it was, and try to provide a remedy for it. We 
have been put off with promises and hopes and 
delusions that this thing would yet come outright; 
that we should get money enough under the pres- 
Instead 
ent tariff to carry on the Government. 
of that, we have got au average of $46,000,000 a 
-year, for four years, in the most prosperous times 
the country ever knew for importations. As to 
these estimates in regard to the receipts for the 
present two quarters, say nothing about them. 
I take them as the Secretary hands them, whether 
i never venture, myself, 
too much or too little. 
to say what six months will bring in. 
1 can only 
tell, and only profess to be able to tell, very nearly 
what $100,000,000, under any particular tariff, 
will yiekl in revenues; but as to how many hun- 
dred millions will come in in a year, is a matter 
never havo ventured n conjecture on. 
As to these immense rates which have been 
charged in this bill, and which have been got up 
to elucidate the diffculties of collecting the reve- 
nue with specifie duties, or with duties partly 
specific and partly ad calorenz, I believe I shan 
defer any comments upon them until v,re come to 
the practical application on the amendments which 
the coxnmitrtee have reported. 1 Vil} only say, In 
passing, that these gentlemen ho have called on 
me have appeared to be very candid They 
have answered every question I have asked them, 
as to the market value of the goods they have 
made calculations upon, with the utmost frank- 
have no doubt they intended to make 
ness. 
these statements fairly; but they have been most 
egregiously mistaken as to the laws of the Uni- 
ted States for the collection of revenue thåt now 
exist, and as to the probable results of this bill 
now under consideration. 
In nvany instances, 
sec they vary 20 or per cent. upon the duties 
now itnposcd upon the merchandise that they 
pass upon. For instance, they take carpets, and 
they say the pregent duty is 19 per cent. ; and we 
are going to raise it to a fabulous amount. 
understand the act of 1857, and the roen who are 
inaporting under it tell me aright, the du•ty now is 
24, instead of 19 per cent. Then, in ali these cal- 
culaiions, I sce they reckon the pound sterling at 
$4 44. Everybody that knows anything about 
it, knows that our laws require duties to be as- 
sessed at $4 84 to the pound sterling; so that they 
make the cost less and the duties more upon this 
specific amount by 10 per cent. , besides what mis- 
—in order to relieve the and at the very time when wo shah be rpceiving tako,s they make in reckoning the ratcs of duty; 
for these goods was given 
irnporters from any sudden cali on them for the 
the least into the Treasury, tnerc will hc most of I 
and they make a vast increase in these. duties, 
payment. of these duties, much as the Treasury these goods exported, and most of these deben- 
vvhen in fact there is no increase at an. 
reqllired them. I am told that the amount of these ture bonds come upon the r Ih•easury for payrnent,; 
I was struck with one of these tables that 
goods at present in warehouse is from $50,000,000 so that it wili cut us off at both eids. We shall 
showed the enormous rates on woolen goods and 
to $60,000,000, will} an amount of duty on them be receiving little and paying out much in times 
perhaps of or 
of revulsion. 
Five six million dollars, in my 
W c have then made a further provis;on that, judgment, is as much as it is safe to Ict accurnu- 
after the duties bavo been•paid , the importers shall II latc a&ainst the 'I*reasury at such tirnes. 
For this 
have a right. to reship these goods to any port in 
reason, wo thought we should not extend the time, 
a foreign country any iirnc within six months after duties are paid, beyond iViine months, I arn 
thereafter, and have a return of the duties, with 
willing to do that much for the convenience of the 
a reduction of I per cent. J suggested to a meet- 
merchants. 
shawls, that duty was from to 41 per cent. , 
upon this Enø!ish calculation of $4 44 to the 
pound sterling. asked thegentleman who handed 
rue this table to tell ine the cost of the shawls that 
he was seiiing and dealt in. He gave noe their 
cost, and gavc me the amount 01' duty i l] this hill 
by the pound rate, 
caleu\at.e.d in cents and parts 
of a cent, and then the percentage, and aflcr hav- 
