1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
89 
debts against any debtor. I believe that the bonds 
of thc United States are just as much secured by 
the pt0F)erty of the Siate and city of New York, as 
are the bonds of the State and city of New York. 
The. only difference is, we have the right to take 
first, if it comes to that; but I would not give a 
jackstraw for the indorsement of all the States of 
the IJnion on the bond I held, if I had the United 
States at my bock to protect me. Still I have no 
objection, if people should indorse the United 
It will not hurt it. The credit is good 
enough. You cannot put names enough on the 
back of it to destroy it; and I have seen paper 
where thc only trouble was, I saw so many names 
on the -back of it that I doubted it. That is the 
only objection I have to having this indorsement. 
It cannot do any good; yet I admit the patriot- 
isn of the States that are willing to lend their 
I know it is donc from the best of mo- 
I am merely making this statement to 
show that it is entirely unnecessary, in my view 
of the case; but if there is any timid creditor who 
wants tliree or iöur indorsers, let him have them. 
I believe Massachusetts proposes to ind orse these 
have never knowpn her five per cents to 
notes. 
be below par. But to satisfy the most timid, let 
t.hern be indorsed; 
but. I do not intend to put gny- 
thing in this bill to ask anybody to indorse our 
paper. 
I have now explained the general principles of 
the bill; and when it comes up regularly, if the 
amend tnents of t.he com:nittce are not satisfac- 
tory, I will explain thern, as fur as I can, with 
great pleasu re. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FITCH in 
the chair.) 'libe amer)d cnents offered by the com- 
mitt.ee will be read in the order in which they 
occur. 
Mr. WILSON. lhopewe shali now take up 
these amendments of the committee, and proceed 
with them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has 
announced that the amendments will be read in 
the order in which the committee reported them. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. to know the 
cou rse of proceeding, with reference to the bill, 
whether, after the bill has been read through and 
the several amendments reported by the special 
committee are disposed of, It will then bein order 
to move amendments to any of thc sections, as a 
Senator may desire? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairsup- 
poses the entire bill will be open to amendment 
after all the amendments of t.he committee have 
been disposed of. The Secretary will read the 
amendments. 
The first amendment of the committee was, in 
section one, linc fifteen, to striko out two," and 
insert 
so that the clause will road: 
Provided, That no stipulation *hat' bc Inade to prevent 
the United States Croni rein) bursing any surn borrowed 
under authority of this act, at any; time after the expira- 
often years. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have an amendment to that 
section, if I can find it, about the loan that i was 
speaking of; and think the Senate would facili- 
tate business by adjournincr over, and lettincr me 
arrange rny papers on this subject. 
I have been 
called upon unexpectedly. 
Mr. WILSON. think we had better pass 
over that part of the bill in regard to the loan, and 
go to the fifth section of the bill. 
I think •„ve can 
make some progress with it this afternoon. 
Mr. HUN'I'ER. 1 will suggest to thesenator 
from Rhode Island, who has the management of 
that it was not expected to come up to- 
this Lliil, 
day. •we thought this day would be occupied 
If he will TIX to-mor- 
with counting the votes. 
row, or any other day, for the consideration of 
the bill, we shall then be ready to act. upon it. 
I 
did not come here prepared. I have not rny pa- 
pers with tne. 
If he will say to-morrow, or indi- 
cate a day when it can be taken up again, I will 
a(rree to it. 
1M r. BIGLER. Let it go over as unfinished 
business. 
Mr. CAMERON. desire to say, Mr. Pres- 
Ident, that the session is coming very near to a 
close; and I think we had better continue the con- 
sideration of the amendments this afternoon. 
Mr. WILSON. As the Senator from Rhode 
Island does not sccm to be quite ready to go on 
with this amendment, and the Senator from Vir- 
ginia makes the same statement, I think we may 
pass over the bill informally and take up one or 
two other matters; and this bill will come up in 
order to-morrow. I want to take up the bill in 
regard to the District militia. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course 
can be adopted by unanimous consent. The Chair 
hears no objection. 
Mr. CANIERON. I desire to know, before I 
agree to it, whether it will interfere with this bill 
coming up to-morrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairun- 
derstands that by being passed over informally it 
will not lose its place as unfinished business. 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, Ihave the floor 
to-morrow on another subject; but I do not choose 
to occupy thc time of the Senate in discussing 
that matter as against the appropriation bills or 
this tariff bill, and therefore, If it is necessary to 
do it, I will let it go over to andther day 
Mr. CAMERON. very well. 
Mr. WILSON. With this understanding, then, 
that this bill is to be passed over ternporarily, I 
move t.o take up the bill for tl'le reorganization of 
the militia of l'he District of Columbia. 
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator will allow me, 
I am ready to go on with the arnendments after 
the first section, if we shall continue the tariff bill. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Vir- 
ginia wants to have it postponed also. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should like to have it go 
over till to-ITIorrow. I will be ready then. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to take up the for 
the better orffanization of the militia of the Dis- 
trict of Cokumbia. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. in 
the chair.) The Chair understands that the tariff 
bill is still before the Senate undisposcd of. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. By common consent, it 
was to go over until to-morrow. 
Mr. HUNTER. was generally understood 
that it should go over, and be the first thing in 
order for to-morrow, at one o'clock. 
DISTRICT MILITIA. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 now move to ta e up the 
bill for the belter 01'ffanization of the militia of 
the District of Columbia. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 hope the Senator will 
allow me to present a report. 
Mr. WILSON. 1 cannot do it. 
I have given 
way half a dozen times, and the floor every 
time, in consequence. 
The motion was agreed •to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee, of the Whole, proceeded to con- 
sider the bitl (S. No. 553) for the better organi- 
z,ation of the rnilitia of the District of Columbia. 
'I'he Secretary proceeded to read the bill. 
It 
proposes to constitute the militia of thc District 
of Columl)ia of every ablc-bodicd, whitc male 
person, residel'lt therein, between the afres of 
twerlty-oneand forty-five years, who is cither a cit- 
izcn or has declared his intention , according to law , 
to become a citizen of the United States, with the 
exception of the Vice President, members of Con- 
gress, the officers—legislative, execu live, j udicial, 
mili tar y, naval, and marine—of the United States ; 
custom-house officers; persons employed in the 
conveyance and distribution of the mails; ferry- 
mcn and gate-keepers on post roads; pilots and 
mariners; regular clergymen; professors, pupils, 
and persons employed in colleges and other liter- 
ary institutions; maøistrates; constables; police 
omcers; persons perrnanently employed in the 
penitentiary, jail, military and insane asylums, or 
ordnance service of the Army and Navy: Pro- 
•vided, r I'hat these exemptions and as 
to age shall not be construed into prohibitions to 
perform duty in the militia; but these exemptions 
are not to include persons employed as clerks or 
in other civil capacit.ies in any of the Departments 
of the Government below the rank of chief clerk. 
The militia of the District of Columbia is to 
be arranged, and rearranged or organized by the 
President of the United States, when an increase 
of numbers or othcr circåmstances may, in his 
judgment, 
render it necessary, into divisions, 
brigades, regiments, battalions, and compames, 
according to territorial metes a.nd bounds, and 
with reference to an equal division of numbers 
into districts, as far as practicable; and he will 
appoint and cornmission, during pleasure, a ma- 
jor general-in-chief, a rnajor general to each divis- 
ion, a brigadier general to each brigade, a colonel, 
lieutenant colonel, and major to each regiment, to 
consist of ten 
company offcers as, he may deem •necessary s the 
appointment of the general offcers to bemade by 
and with the advice •and consent of the Senate; 
and also make such rules and regulations respect* 
ing the organization of the- several districts, and 
the appointment and promotion of those ,omcers, 
as he may deem proper. 
Each officer, omcer, and pri- 
vate, before en_tefing upon the duties of his Qffce, 
is to make oath or aårmetion, in due form of 
law, before a magistrate duly commissioned and 
qualified , that he will supportand defend the Con- 
stitution and laws of the United States, and will 
faithfully perform the duties appropriate to the 
offce .nd commission or warrant which he holds 
or may hold in the militia of the District of Co- 
lumbia, and to obey the orders of his lawfully 
appoinced superior offcers to the best of •his 
knowledge, skill, -abilfty„ and ju: ment; wbieh 
oath or aflirmation shall be, signed y the Officer, 
nonrcommissioned offcer, or private, taking 
same, certified by the magistrate, and recQrded 
in the office of the adjutant general of the. militia, 
and in the office of the clerk of the circuit court 
of the United States for the District of Columbia. 
All regimental staff offcers and the non-com- 
missioned offcers and musicians of companies and 
regiments are to be appointed during. pleasure, by 
warrant from the colonel or offccr commanding 
each regiment. Whenever, in the opinion of -the 
President of the United States, it may be neces- 
sar.y, he may direct a new enrollment to be made 
of every able-bodied man subject to militia duty 
within the District of Columbia; and thero is to 
be a regular enrollment by companies made every 
year, in the month of April, by the offcers com- 
manding the same respectively, and kept 
interval under such rules and regulations as -ih.e 
President may prescribe. The organization thug 
provided for -will consist of the regular militia, 
exclusive of the vo_lunteers thereinafter provided 
for, and is to consist entirely of infantry, and be 
denominated infantry of the line. To secure the 
proper and continued execution of this enactment, 
there is to be a regular responsibility, command, 
and subordination, under the President, extend- 
ing down through the several grades of general, 
ficld, and company offcers, to the privates of the 
line; and for any neglect of duty or disobedience 
of orders fines may be imposed or assessed:by- the 
officers commanding company, regimental, brig- 
ade, and division districts, respectively, on. those 
under their command, as follows, to wit: on pri- 
vates and non-commissioned omcers, from fifty 
cents to two dollars; on subaltern officers, from 
one to five dollars; on captains, from two to ten 
dollars; on field offcers, from three to fifteen dol- 
lars; on brigadier generals, from five to twenty 
dollars; and on majorgenerals, from eight to thirty 
dollars, in each case of failure or r_cfiisal, accord- 
inc t.o t.he nature and •circumstances thereof; but, 
for good and suffcient cause, such fines assessed 
in each regiment may be reduced or remitted by 
the commandinø• offcer thereof, and the fines on 
field offcers, ana those assessed on general oflicers 
and offcers of tho general staff, may be reduced 
or remitted by the superior -general officers M)m- 
manding districts respectiv.ely. 
The President, or, in •his absence, the-Secretary 
of War, or commanding general of the militia of 
the District of Columbia, will have power to order 
out the whole or any part of the militia of the 
District of Columbia to repel invasion, and to sup- 
press or preve_nt insurrection or violence -by com- 
binations too powerful for the civil authorities to 
control or subdue; and any officer, non-commis- 
sioned officer, or private soldier, failing or refus- 
ing to obey the orders given in pursuance of this 
provision, will be subjected to a fine ten titnes 
greater than the fincs prescribed in other cases, 
under such regulations as the President may adopt. 
Powers are to be given to the commanding omcer 
to occupy and control positions when the militia 
are called out fordefense, and also in cases of;mus- 
ter or parade; also, for the trial and punishment of 
disobedience, mutiny, or misdemeanor. It is also 
prescribed how fines shall be recovered, and ap- 
peals be taken by the agørieved; when xnusters 
shall take place; what shall be the arms, equip- 
ment, and uniform; and what -service shall be an 
exemption from further militia duty. An execu- 
tive board is to consist of the major general in 
chief, the major generals of division, the briga- 
