890 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 13, 
dier generals, the adjutant general, and the pay- 
master general of the militia of the District of 
Columbia, to take cognizance of allthe fiscal con- 
cerns of the militia, and, with the approbation of 
the President, make such rules and regulations as 
may be necessary and proper for the assessment 
and Collection of fines, and the reception and dis- 
bursementofmoney. The adjutantgeneral, under 
the direction of the major general-in-chief, and 
such regulations as he may, with the approbation 
of the President, prescribe, have a general' super- 
vision over the executive staff omcers o? the sev- 
eral divisions, brigades, and regiments, giving 
them instructions, andperforming other specified 
duties, and receivingprescribedemoluments. Pro- 
vision is made, too, for the regulation of the pay- 
master general in the discharge of the duties of 
his offce. 
The citizens of the District of Columbia, sub- 
jectü) militia duty under this law, are to have the 
privilege of forming, by voluntary enrollment, 
under such regulations as may be prescribed by 
the President of the United States, compat)ies of 
light infantry, rifles, cavalry, and artillery, each 
company to consist of at least seventy-four men, 
and be equipped by the United States as troops 
of the same arms in the regular service. They are 
to select their own officers. The volunteers thus 
organized , the President may form into battalions, 
regiments, brigades, and divisions; the general 
officers of which are to be appointed by and with 
-the advicc and consent of the Senate; and they are 
to be subject to the orders of thc general- 
in-chief and other general officers, with thé rest 
of the militia, constituting the infantry of the line. 
Militia and volunteer service exempts from jury 
duty; and whenever called out into active service, 
they are to be allowed the pay, rations, and emol- 
uments as are allowred to officers and soldiers in 
like grades and arms in the regular service. 
case of wounds or injuries received ili the linc of 
duty, or in case of being killed in the performance 
this question of the Senator, who is a member of 
the *Committee on Naval Affairs, was, that the 
public should not draw any improper inferences 
from this movement. That was my sole reason. 
W'e have heard a great deal of the necessity of 
having-military force in this District. Although 
as devotedly attached to the Union of the States 
as anybody else; although opposing this doctrine 
of secession as strenuously as anybody else, I 
have never had any idea that there was any neces- 
sity for filling this District vr'ith military, and 
surrounding this Capitol with a military force to 
preserve the peace of the country; and in order 
that the country might know that*the reorganiza- 
tion of the militia of this District had no reference 
to the political troubles of the times, I called upon 
the Senator from Massachusetts, who is a mem- 
ber of the Committee on Military Affairs, fi)l' an 
explanation. 
Mr. MASON. 1 looked into this bill a week 
I do not now very distinctly recol- 
or two acro. 
lect its provisions, nor am I at all versed in mili- 
tary matters; but I will ask the Senator from Mas- 
sachusetts whether, by the terms of the bill (for 
really I do not recollect) any oath is prescribed to 
the men. There is an oath to the omcers, I pre- 
sume; but 1 desire to know whether the men are 
required to take an oath when they are enrolled. 
Mr. TVVILSON. in reply to that question, I 
will say, that there is, in this bill, a provision 
requiring that the offcers and soldiers shall take 
an oath to support the Constitution of the United 
States and the laws. 
It is a different oath from 
that required by the bill passed by the House of 
Representatives, which is now on the table re- 
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs. 
That bill requires the taking of the oath that a 
man takes on going into tho actual service of the 
country. This is a simple oath to support the 
Constitution of the United States and the laws of 
the country. 
Mr. I'v1ASON. I hope the Senator wilk indi- 
of such duty, the same provisions will be ex- cate t} Section that contains the oatll, so that it 
tended to them, their widows and orphans, as are I may be "cad. 
provided bv law in like cases to omcers, non-com- 
missioned offcers, and private soldiers of like 
grades belonging to the regular Army of the Uni- 
ted States. 
Mr. WILSON. This bill was prepared by a 
board consisting of General Jesup, Major Lee, 
General Weightman, Mr. Randolph, and Colonel 
Hickey; it was recommended by the Secretary 
of War; unanimously agreed to, I understand, in 
the House of Representatives last ycar, by •the 
Committee Military Affairs therc; and is unan- 
imously agreed to by the Committee on Military 
Affairs of the Senate, this year. 
The bill was reported to the Senate without 
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for 
a third reading, and was read the third time. 
Mr. ULSBURY. 1 should like to ask the 
Senator from Massachusctts, what particular rea- 
son exists at the present timc for tl'ie reorganiza- 
tion of thc militia of this District? I do not know 
of any circumstances existing at the present time, 
that call imperatively for the reorgan ization of thc 
militia of the District. 
If such rcasons exist, I 
think it is (11.10 to the people of the. District that 
they should know what. those reasons are, and 
they should be stated to the country. 
Mr. WILSON. Some two or three years ago 
a commission was appointed to revise the militia 
laws of this District. The, commission took the 
matter into consideration, devoted a great deal of 
time to the consideration of it, and made a report; 
ILSON. I have not the bill bcfore me, 
but I think it is the third section. 
Let the Sec- 
retary read that section. 
The Secretary read it, as follows: 
SEC. 3. Jlnd bc it further enacted, That each officer, non- 
cmnmissioned otiicér, and private, before entering upon the 
duties of his office, shall inake oath or affirmation, iu due 
forrn of law, before a Inagistrate duly eonnnissi01'f'd and 
qualified, that he wilt support and defOnd thc Constitution 
and laws of the United States, and wili faiLhfukly pertOrrn 
the duties appropriate to the of-lico and connnis;sion or war- 
rant which he holds or rnay hold in the militia of the Dis- 
trict of Cohuubia, and to obey the orders of' his lawfully- 
appointed superior oflicer to the best of his knowledrre, 
skill, ability, and judgment; which oath or affirmation Shakl 
be signed by the officer, non-connnissioned officer, or pri- 
vare taking the same, Certified by the magistrate, and rc- 
corded in the ofhco of the adjutant general of the ruilitia, 
and in the offtce of the clerk of' the circuit court of the Uni- 
ted States for the District of Columbia. 
Mr. MASON. i presume it is always usual— 
I am sure it is so in the State of Virginia, and I 
morc confident on that than the other point— 
when a citizen takes a military office under the 
Government, and becomes thereby one of the ad- 
ministrators of its laws, as he does, that he shall 
take an oath properly to dischargc the duties of 
the office; but I have, never heard an oath of that 
kind imposed upon the privates, the *nen in the 
ranks, unless in the regular service of the United 
States when they enlist. 'l"hat is a voluntary act, 
and they place themselves for the time being under 
the orders and control, whatever their own opin- 
ions may be, of their superiors; but the militia 
and the Secretary of War, Mr. Floyd, recom- dut.y is an involuntary duty. The law requires 
mended the passage of the bill. At the last ses- 
that able-bodied citizens ofa certain age shall be 
Sion of Congress, the Committce on Military enrolled against thcir will, and shall be required to 
Affairs of the House of Representatives, as I un- perform military duty. Now, to impose an oath 
derstand, unanimously directed Mr. PENDLETON upon those men may be to entangle their con- 
bill that has come from the other House, and has 
been referred to that committee. This bill was 
presented some years since, and is the result ofa 
report made by a commission that was appointed 
I will state to the Senate, and 
for that purpose. 
I perhaps It is worthy of consideration, that if there 
any one on the Committee on Military Affairs 
who has made any particular examination of it, 
I do not know it. 
will state further, in regard 
to it, that the bill being understood to be the re- 
port of a commission composed of gentlemen of 
the highest character and respectability, which 
had been and had reported at a time 
when no trouble or diffculty was anticipated, it 
was received in that way by the committee, and 
I do not think had any serious consideration at 
all. Now, I am not aware, and if other Senators— 
members of that committee, were aware of it,.they 
did not brine it to the attention of the committee— 
that there was an oath provided for in this bill. 
I confess—it Inay be deemed a hard confession to 
make, but I believe truth is the best policy un- 
der all circumstances—that I never read the bill 
through. 
I am not satisfied that, when read 
through, the bill will turn out to be wrong; but. I 
am satisfied the Committee on Military Affairs 
did not investigate it with any cfoseness or direct- 
ness. Under those circumstances, while I think 
the bill itself is proper and ought to pass, I cannot 
but think, since those questions are raised, and 
since there are points made here that ure new, at 
least to one member, and, I take it, to very nearly 
all the committée, that the bill itself should be 
referred back to the committee. If the bill is as 
I anticipate it is, it can bc reported back again at 
an early day, and there will be no difficulty in 
passing it. 
I submit a motion that the bill be 
recommitted to the Committee on Military Affairs, 
there to be considered and again reportetl to this 
body. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Arkansas moves the recommitment of the 
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs. The 
Chair begs perrnission to state further, in refer- 
ence to the motion made by the Senator from Vir- 
gmia, that, the bill having been three times read, 
it is not, under the rules of the Senate, open to 
amendment, unless by unanimous consent. 
Mr. MASON. well, sir, 1 that 
imous consent will be given. If not, I can move 
to reconsider the vote ordering the bill to be read 
a third time; but I suppose by unanimous con- 
sent the amendment •may be received. 
Mr. BRAGG. As one lately appointed upon 
the Committee on Military Affairs, I wish to say, 
in addition to what has been said bv my friend 
from Arkansas, that I was not aware that a pro- 
vision in relation to an oath was contained in this 
took it that the bill, as introduced by the 
Senator from Massachusetts, was the same as that 
reported from the commission; and I understood 
him to say when he introduced the bill, that there 
was a commission appointed to draft the bill, or 
rather to report in relation to the reorganization 
of the militia of the District. That commission 
was composed of regular offcers of the Army, 
and of sorne of the militia offcers of the District. 
I learn, upon inqun•y, that the provision in rela- 
tion to the oath has been incorpörated into the bill 
at this session, and, suppose, by the Senator 
from Massachusetts before he introduced it; at 0.11 
events, I learn that that provision was not in the 
bill as originally reported. T be bilk has been 
pending before Congress for some time, and to 
that bifl I, for one, have no objection; but I think 
it is a departure from usage, as has been said by 
the Senator frorn Virginia, to require an oath of 
the privatee of the militia of the District, as such. 
If I had been aware that there was such a pro- 
vision in the bill, should certainly have objeöted 
to report the bill to that House. This year the I sciences, requiring them to do a duty which they to it before it was reported from the committee. 
Committee on Military Afiåirs in the Senate have i X.vould not volunteer to do, which they would pay I supposed it was thc bill which l' had before seen, 
taken the bill up, considered it, and unanimously a militia fine rather than do, and in contravention and which was got up and reported in the way I 
agreed to report it. It has no relation, in any de- of the usual policy, as I should understand it, of have stated. I should certainly have objected to 
gree whatever, to (he present existinm slate of military law. I will piopose, therefore, to amend the provision as it is now. Therefore, I shall sus- 
affairs in thc country. It did nol originate in that by striking out so much of the section as imposes 
tain the motion made by the Senator from Ark- 
way. It has, as I understand, the, concurrence or an oath upon any others than the offcers. 
ansas to recommit the bill, unless it is agreed, 
support of the friends of the militia in the Dis- l! Nir. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to say, by commoti consent, that that provision in rela- 
trict. Colonel Hickey, who wasa member of that in regard to this bill, that I m,vas present in the 
tion to privates shall be stricken out. 
board, has expressed over and over ao•ain his 
cornmittee at the time it was under consideration, 
The PRESIDING OFFICER 
It requires 
anxiety that it should pass; and certainly see no and that assented to the report. Thcro is before unanimous consent to entertain the motion of the 
reason whatever why it should not receive thc 
that committee, as the Senate must be aware, a Senator from Virginia to amend this bill as pro- 
support of every Senator. 
bill, the common term for which among us there ii posed by him. If there be no objection, the bill 
Mr. SA ULSBURY. My reason for asking II is, the test-oath bill for this District, - That is.a will be amended according to that proposition. 
