892 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 13, 
less extranumberofany document. There is now 
no. sort of coöpcration between the two branches 
of Congress upon thatsubject. 
In printing even 
the Patent Office report, the House allows a cer- 
tain number to the Department, and the Senate 
allows a certain number, •und the number is use- 
lesely multiplied—more than the wants either of 
the Department or tho public require. This bill 
simply contemplates, as we now have thc same 
printing establishment for both branches of Con- 
gress, instead of each branch electing its Printer 
as *heretofore, that all the printing shall be ordered 
by the joint action of the two Houses. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The 
numbers ? 
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a very good idea. 
The was repot•téd to the Senate without 
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third 
reading, read the third time, and passed 
AMENDMENT OF A BILL. 
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of 
the Senate at this time to make a verbal alteration 
in a- bill that passed the Senate and has gone to 
be engrossed. It is found that the words " in the 
T rc*Sury" are omitted in the naval appropriation 
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate 
that those words be inserted in the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ifno objection 
be mgde, the Chair will assume it to be the unan- 
imous cqnsent of the Senate that the modification 
the Senator from New Hampshire 
be" The Chair hears no objection; and 
that modification will be made. 
PATENT LAWS. 
Mr. BIGLER. 0 am directed by the Commit- 
tee on Patents and the Patent Office, to whom 
'tverc referred the amendments of the House of 
Representatives to the bill of the Senatc (No. 10) 
in addition to " An act to promote the progress 
to report them back to the 
Senate. 
1 think the Senate can dispose of them 
in a very few rninutes, and I hope they will now 
consider them. I will state that thc c.cnnrnitt.ee 
examined them thoroughly , and I believe arc unan- 
imous in their report as to what amendments 
should be concurred in and what should' not. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded 
to consider the amendments of the House of Rep- 
rcsentativcs to thé bill. 
The Secretary read the report of the Committee 
on Patents, as follows: 
erne Committee on Patents and thc Patent, Offcc, to 
who;n was referred the amendtnents of the House of' Rcp- 
reseotatives to the bill of the, Senate, No. 10, entitled An 
act to protoote -the progress of thc useful aits," 
znake the 
Coito.w ing : 
'i'hat 'the Senate agree to the first, second, third, fifth, 
sixth, ninth, -and tenth amendments of the House, and dis 
qgree to the fourth and a:nendlnents of' the Ilouse 
of Representatives to the said bill, a.nd that. iL agree 1.0 the 
eighth and tenth amenilznents of the 
[louse with a•nend- 
in en ts. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. we have neither the 
t.ime nor the disposition to understand this bill 
this afternoon; and therefore I move that Sen- 
ate adjourn. 
Mr: B[GLER. I hope not until we get through 
with this bill. 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 the sen- 
ator to withdraw the motion, to allow me to sub- 
n)it a motion, of course, t.o which there can be no 
ob'ection in this body. 
FESSENDEN. There are half a dozen 
on this side who want to make motions. 
Mr. B[GLER. I hope we shall dispose of this 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to adjourn, which is not de- 
batablc. 
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
will state the question. A report has been madé 
from the Committee on Patents and the Patent 
omce, recommending a concurrence in certain 
amendments of the House of Representatives and 
a non-concurrence in certain other amendments; 
and unless a separate vote shall be called for by 
any Senator on the special propositions, the Chair 
wilk put the question on the report of the com- 
mittee. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to say that the sub- 
ject was thoroughly examined; and I hope the 
Senate will agree to the report. 
The report of the committee was concurred in. 
n. A. 11. ADAMS AND OTHERS. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 ask the indulgence of the 
Senate to allowr me to report a joint resolution 
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, and to ask 
for its consideration at this time. It will cheate 
no debate. 
It is an object of charity. To make 
the case short, I am directed by the Committee 
on Naval Affairs, to whom wras referred the me- 
morial of Mrs. E. A. H. Adams, George M. 
Thompson, and Thomas H. Greer], praying that 
authority may be given to the Secretary of the 
Navy to adjust and set.'le charges for boarding 
and attendance of three men attached to the navy- 
yard at Washington, who were injured by the 
bursting ofa cannon on the 14th of July, 1859, 
to report a joint resolu!ion in conformity with the 
prayer of the pet.iLi0i.1, and ask that it be now 
taken up and considered. 
The joint resolution (S. No. 63) for the relief 
of Mrs. E. A. H. Adams, George M. Thompson , 
and George H. Green, was read the first time, and 
ordered to a second reading. 
Mr. KING. Let it be read through. 
The Secretary read it. 
It directs the Secretary 
of the Navy to ascertain and pay to E. A H. 
Adams, George M. rl'hmnpson, and George H. 
Green, the tunount of expeloses that may, in his 
opinion, be proper, fku• the board and attendance 
of three men attached to the navy-yard at Wash- 
ington, who wore 
iniured bv the bursting of a 
cannon on the 14th o'f' Julv, 1859. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 
It requires 
unanimous to consider the joint resolu- 
lion to-day. 'I'lie Chair hears no objection. 
The joint resolution was read the second time, 
and considere.d as in Committee of the Whole. 
Mr. MASON. I wish 10 ask why we should 
-pay these oxpcnses? 
Mr HALE. If the Senator will give me his ; 
ear a moment, I will state. These were sailors 
that were in jurcd, very serionsly so, by the dis- 
charge of a gun in the service of the Government; 
and they were put upon this poor widow to nurse 
and provide for; and she did it out of her own 
means. 
Mr. KENNEDY. 1 hope 1 may be allowed 
to explain further. Upon some day ill July, 1859, • • 
in a trial of' ordnance, u gun bursted, 
and two men 
• killed and three very dreadfully Inangled. 
'They were taken up and carried to thc nearest 
house, that ofa poor widow, and there they have 
been ever since, and this is merely a bill to author- I 
ize the Secretary of the Navy to adjust and settle 
the account, to see that there is no overcharge for 
board and attendance. The account of attend- 
anco, at $1 50 a day, is here in the papers. They 
sirnply ask some three or four hundred dollars, to 
rein unera te this old woma)'l. 
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate I 
without amer)dment, ordered to bc enmrossed for 
a third reading, read the third time, and passed. 
GEORGE 11. GIDDINGS. 
Mr. WADE. I desire to renew a motion that 
I made two or three days ago, to take up the . 
House joint resolution (No. 62) for the benefit of 
a division—ayes nine; noes not counted. 
George H. Giddings. As I understand, there is 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question no real to it. 
It is to pay a certain 
is on concurrinz. in the report of the Committee amount for carrying the mails. That is all there 
Patents, on the bill now before the Senate, re- f is about it. The bill merely provides that the De- 
ported by the Senator from Pennsylvania. 
partment shali ascertain and pay what is actuaily 
Mr. B[GLER. I will state that this bill and due for services that are performed; and I hope 
Ibe amendments were referred to the Committee it will pass. There seems to be no objection to it. 
Patents and the Patent Office, and thoroughly A member of the House wants to be absent, and 
examined. As I stated before, the committee are he desires to have this littie bill passed before he I 
,unanimous as to the amendments that should be 
leaves, and I told him I would do what I could 
concurred in, and those from which the Senate about it. 
I hope we shall take it up and pass it. 
should dissent. 
If it is desired by any Senator, Mr LANE. 1 should like to know if there is 
thoy can be examined and explained in detail. 
any report accompanying it? 
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; a very long report. It 
is a resolution that has passed the House. It has 
the•univcrsal assent of the committee of the Sen- 
ate, I believe; and if the gentlernan will read it, 
or hear it read, he will be satisfied. It is so worded 
, it seems to me, it is impossible there can be 
anything wrong about it. 
It is to enable the De- 
partment to pay this rnan wrhat is actually due 
him for services rendered. 
Mr. JOHNSON , of Arkansas. Let us take it 
up, and pass it. 
Mr. LANE. I should be very much obliged 
to the Senator from Ohio if he would state some- 
thing like the arnount of this clainf. I do not want 
to have the time of the Senate taken up by the 
reading of the report. 
Mr. WADE. There is no amount stated in 
thc resolution. I do not profess- to have investi- 
cyated the case. 
I was applied to to bring it up; 
and it having the assent of the committee, I go 
more by faith than by sight on these small sub- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state that the joint resolution is not before the 
Senate for consideration. The simple question is 
on taking it up for consideration. 
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as 
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider 
the -joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) for the bene- 
fit of George H. Giddings. 
Mr. LANE. I should like to have some in- 
formation about it; and if we cannot have it from 
the bill, should like to hear the report. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The res- 
olution will be read 
The Secretary read it. 
It directs that George 
H. Giddings Le paid for services on route 8076, 
in accordance with the order of Postmaster Gen- 
eral A. V. mown, of October 23, 1858, after de- 
ducting what has been received tliereon up to this 
tune, on proof being furnished that the service 
has been performed; which amount is to be paid 
on the certificate of the Postmaster General, and 
be accepted by Giddings in full for all claims for 
services and damage against the United States. 
Mr. MASON. If 1 understand the reading of 
the joint resolution correctly, it directed that the 
amount sl)ould be ascertained, and the amount 
paid. I think we ought to know what the amount 
is before we direct it to be paid. I submit to the 
Senator from Ohio that the amount should be 
ascertained, and we ought to know what it is 
before we direct it to be paid. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. This bill is to be sent to 
the Secretary for the purpose of ascertaining the 
anoount. Tho committee has not undertaken to 
stato what the amount will be, because it has left 
that to the Secretary. The very object of the bill 
was, that he should ascertain the amount due and 
the number of trips that have been perfen•med. 
This route was cut down; but notwithstanding it 
was cut down from a weekly to a semi-monthly 
service, the weekly service x,vas continued to be 
performed for some time afterwards, at the re- 
quest of the citizens upon the route, and at the 
request of the Secretary and the comtnanding cren- 
eral of that department. The mails were •i ven 
regularly to the contractors at the different post 
offices, and were authorized to he given by the De- 
partrnel}t, notwithstanding the order to cut down 
tl'le service. This is merely to provide for the pay- 
ment for services that have been actually per- 
formed across the wilderness for several hundred 
miles. 
Mr. FOSTER. 1 know bill 
at all, Mr. President; but I remember, within a 
year or two past, we passed a bill somewhat sim- 
ilar, authorizing the Depart,tnent to settle with 
some contractor, I thinka steamboat company on 
the Lakes, and pay such an amount as was .due 
for services actually rendered. 
It was very sim- 
ilar to this in its terms, and it came back from the 
President vetoed, with a staternent in the veto 
message that, according to the ciaim, and accord- 
ing to the apparent data on which that account 
was to be settled, it would take somewhere from 
forty to sixty thousand dollars to pay it. No man 
in the Senate at the time supposed the amount 
would be anythiF)g like that sum, if they förmed 
any opinion on it, at)d genera\ly it was thought a 
very trifling one. After that bil! 
remember it did not pass. 
I think that a sufli- 
cient reason why we should know something more 
about this resolution before we pass it. 
