1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
After an examination, those •who voted for the 
bill to which I have reférred, voted against it. 
i have forgotten noW What became of it, but I am 
quite sure, on a statement of the amount which, 
according to the terms of that bill, would have 
been paid, it was rejected by the Senate almöst 
unanimouslv. 
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Connecticut 
will allow me, he is in part correct, and in part 
very incorrect, in his recollection. The fact is, 
the bill he refers to was a bill for the relief of Ar- 
thur Edwards and his associates, which passed 
Congress and proposed to fix the precise sum that ' 
was to be paid . per pound each trip for carryinff 
the mail; and the Assistant Postmaster General I 
notified the President that upon that basis it would 
require a very large s eun. The President vetoed 
the bill. 
It then came back, and the bill was 
ao•ain introduced in the precise form in which this 
bill is, authorizing the Postmaster General to audit 
their account for services rendered, and to pay 
them '•.vhat was equitably due. It passed without 
dispute, and became a law. Whether it has been 
audited by the Postmaster General or not, I do 
not know. 
I was on the committee, and know all about 
that bill; and the diffculty was, that it fixed a 
precise sun-I per pound that was to be paid in the 
first, instance; and, as they calculated it at the pe- 
partment, they made it so large—much larger t.han 
the claimants said it would be—that the President 
vetoed it; and then it ctnne back, and we passed 
it in this shape, sending it to the Postmaster Gen- 
eral to audit. 
Now, sir, let me say a single word ih relation 
to this liltuter. 
I think these contractors—Gid- 
dings & Co.—have a higher claizn upon this Gov- 
ernmcnt than any contractors that ever came bo- 
fore them. They are the real pioneers of this 
overland mail route. They went on and estab- 
lished it long before the Butterfield c.ontract was 
entered into, or before they had explored it; and 
they had their mails on there, and were perform- 
ing regular contract service from the Atlantic to 
the Paciiic. I do not remember the names of the 
termini of their road. 
Subsequently, Congress passed an act author- 
izing the Butterfield folks to establish un overland 
route. Instead of taking the overland route which 
it was the manifest intention they should take— 
the central route—they came down on to the very 
route that Giddings & Co. had before explored, 
on which they had been the pioneers, and occu- 
pied a considerable portion of the route upon 
which Giddings & Co. were running their mail, 
and which they had occupied long before Butter- 
field ever thotwht of it; so that the credit of beinsy 
the pioneer in this overland road is due to GidL I 
dings. Then, the Postmaster General, after the 
Butterfield folks bad comc down and taken a con- 
siderabke portion of their route , discontinued the 
middle of their route, leaving them several hun- 
dred miles on the Pacific coast and several hun- 
dred maes on the Atlantic coast., and deducted 
from them a pro •rata amount, leaving them at the 
trouble and expense of mai ntaining th e western end 
on the Pacific, and the eastern end on the Atlantic. 
Well, sir, finally, there were some other deduc- 
tions made, and the Postmaster General, Mr. 
Brown, then entered into a new contract with 
them, which was supposed on all hands to exhaust 
the power that was reserved to the Postmaster 
General to lixnit and con trol their contract; and 
yet, notwithstanding that, afterwards there was a 
still further reduction of the route and of the pay 
7nade. 'When that was done, the inhabitants 
upon the route petitioned and sent remonstrances, 
many of which have been published; and General 
Twiggs, I think it was, tbe commanding ofiicer 
of the Army in that region, notified the Govern- 
ment here that it was absolutely necessary for the 
existence of the Army that this mail should be 
carne(,•, and by the universal call of the citizens 
and of the A i'lny for the carryong of this mail, 
acrreeablv to a secoj-id contract made with Post- 
master General _Brown, thev went on. This res- 
olution now proposes simply to pay thern, not 
contract route, not for any dam- 
for their 
ages that they have lost by the curtaihnent of 
their route, but for the services that they did ac- 
tually u pon t.hcir contract in obedience to 
the universal call of the citizens of the country 
and the Army of the Government; and it is for 
that that this resolution proposes to pay them. 
I be in funds-to-meet indispensitiépaym-éngon the Istproxa 
Mr. CLINGMAN. The statement of a sen- t 
imo. The obstacles unexpectedly thrown in the Way of 
ator [Mr. FOSTER] shows that it may be a matter 
passage of the bill reported, by your committee yegtérday, 
of some importance with reference to the amount 
authorizing the accepthncd• of -the guarantee profférbd by 
that is to be paid under this resolution. It may severa'iof' the Stat-eS, compel me reluctantly td'•ask for. the 
be alk right; but there does not seem to be any I of the conntry, should it continue, I fear there musg. be,a-: 
information before thc Senate to justify our voting loss. of 8800.000. Under all the circum'stancés, however, 
it througl') in this form. . i had rather let it oo 
b instead of calling for as I suggegtcd-in letter 
over until to-morrow. If the Senate adjourns to you of the 11th instant, I have thooghtitadviSablö toask 
now, it will cmne up to-morrow as the unfinished for reserving the right of declining to accept 
business. If I am satisfied at that time It is right' 
I.shall vote for it.. I wish to give gentlemen time political condition of the country within the nexetCirdfiYS, 
to look into it. The Senator from Ohio holds the 
reportin his hand. It isa long report, and Sen. 
ators are irnpatient. We are not now in a con- 
to hear that report understandinglv, and 
thét•efore 
to vote, perhaps, advisedly on it.. 
move that the Senate adjourn. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 wish to appeal to the Senator 
from North Carolina. His motion, if now put 
and carried, placcs myself, as a short time since 
the temporary occupant of the chair, in a very 
unpleasant predicament. 
I stated to the Senator 
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. CAMERON,] then, that 
if the tarifF bill was informally laid aside, it would 
be the unfinished business to-morrow. Here is 
a proposition to leave another matter as unfinished 
business, and I shall be placed in the attitude ot 
having deceived that Senator. 
Mr. HALE. Let this resolution be the un- 
finished business of the rnorning hour. 
Mr. FITCH. With that modification, 1 
perfectly willing to agree to it, if it is understood 
that the tariff bill is the unfinishcd business at the 
expiration of the Inorning hour. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state that they wilf be under the control of the 
Senate to-rnorrow morning, whether they will 
proceed with the consideration of this bill or with 
other business. 
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator from North 
Carolina will allow me, I think, before we adjourn, 
we might unanimously adopt the resolution ex- 
tending the courtesy of the Senate floor to the 
peace commissioners now in Washington. It can 
be done by common consent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen- 
ator from North Carolina withdraw the motion 
to adjourn? 
MG. CLINGMAN. r will withdraw it if that 
can be done by general consent, without debate. 
Mr. MASON. It is too late to do that now. 
NV e have refused that courtesy heretofore, and I 
think it is t.oo late now to do it. 
Mr. B[GLER. Let us do it by common con- 
move to proceed to the consideration of 
that resolution. 
Mr. FITCH. 
1 shall not interpose any ob- 
jection; but I was about to prooose to the Senator 
from Pennsylvania to provide that this courtesy 
might be reciprocal. 
I understand they sit with 
closed doors. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the motion to take up the resolution indi- 
cated by t.he Sena_tor from Perinsylvania. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Hit meets with objection, 
I will insist upon my motion to adjourn. 
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a 
division—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted; 
and the Senate adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
WEDNESDAY, February 13, 1861. 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved 
COUNTING OF VOTES. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted the 
foliowinø resolution ; which was read , considered , 
and agreed to: 
Ordered, 'Phat the Clerk införm the Senate that. the I-louse 
of Representatives is now ready to receive that body 
the purpose of proceeding to open and count. the votes 
the electors of' the several States tor President and Vice 
President of thc United States. 
GOVERNMENT LOAN. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask that the communica- 
tion from the Secretary of the T reasury which I 
send up may be read. 
The communication was read, as follows: 
TREASURY DEPARTMENT, February 13, 1861. 
SIR : It is indispensabie that I should give to-day notice 
ora loan of in order that Lhe Government tnay 
at the end of which proposals för the loan will be recciVed. 
Allow me to remind you that the. loan bill, undér' 
I ask for proposals, was not presented- for the approval of 
the, President until the 8th instant; and that on t.he'9ih (Sat- 
i I urday) there was . not a quorum of your committee to actr 
L on the bill reported yesterday, accepting the guaranteeofthe 
States. 
I advert to these circumstances to exonerate rhy- 
i' self, in the judgnent of those who have an interest in the 
discharge o? the liabilities pressing upon the Treasury, from, 
any Want of diligence on my part. 
Your coinmit.tee,l believe, all understand that more than 
$5.000,000 ol"l'reasury notes havo been redeemedou_t of the 
currenc revenues; that about two million -dollars niore fäll 
due before the 4th of March, less the alnount paid in for 
public dues, making nearly the $8,000,000 now requiredto 
Ineet the public wants before that day ; that more than one 
third ot' the revenue derived from the customs is paid in 
I 'I'reasury notes due at a future day ; and that the present 
embarrassed state of the Treasury arises from the operation 
of a paper system which compels the Govermnent to ah 
ticipate the payment of its debts out of its current rev- 
cnues. 
As I have decided to issue the notice for a loan to-day, 
I am constrained to request that. the bill reported yesterddv 
tnay not he acl.ed on, as the expect.ation of a call thr a loan 
at a future day on guarantied stock, could not fail to hava 
a very disadvantageous effect on the proposals to be inade 
for that now asked for. 
iVith the request that this communication may be sub- 
mitted to your committee, I am, very respectfully, your 
obedient servant, 
JOHN A. DIX, 
Secretary of the Treasury. 
Hon. JOHN SHERMAN, Chairman Qfthe Committee Ways 
and Means, House of Representatives. 
Mr. SHERMAN. In order to meet the press- 
ing necessities of the Treasury, I ask the,unan- 
imous consent of the House to introduce the bill 
which' I send to the Clerk's desk. 
The bill was read, as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatiües 
of the United Staies of-america in Congress assembled. That, 
in the place of any part of the ioans now authorized by law, 
the President of the United States is authorized to issüe 
coupon bonds of a denomination of not less than fifty dol- 
lars, bearing not to exceed six per cent. interest, and run- 
ning not to exceed twenty _years ; and he, is authorized to 
apply such bonds at par to the payment of such creditors, or 
the Government as choose to receive them : Provided, 'That 
the ag"regate amount issued under this act, and the acts 
now in force authorizing loans, shall not exceed the t.unount 
authorized bv said acts, 
Mr. GARNETT. 1 object. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 the gentleman from 
I Virginia will not object; as the simple effect of the 
bill will be, to give to the creditors of the United 
States who a_re willing to receive them, coupon 
bonds of the ,United States of not- less denomina- 
tian than fifty dollars, as evidence of indebtedness. 
They must be taken at par; and no new debt is 
authorize(L Creditors of the Goverhmént have 
wright to such. relief; and trust -the bill will be 
put upon its passage at once. 
Mr. GARNETT. After the recent declaration 
of war by the President elect of the United States, 
I deem it my duty to interpoSe every obstacle to 
the tyrannical and military despotism now about 
to be inaugurated. 
Mr. SHbRMAN. bound to say, that the 
Government will pay its debts and maintain its 
authority. At the earliest moment possible I shall 
move a suspension of the rules, in order -that •l 
may introduce the bill. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If debate 
is not in order, I object to it. 
The SPEAKER. The session of the House 
to-day is for a special purpose; and the Chair 
thinks ali business should be suspended until the 
l! arrival of the Senate. 
MI'. MORRILL. I desire to presenta petition 
from citizens of Bellows Falls, in my State. 
Mr. KILGORE. i must object to any busi- 
ness being done. 
Mr. GR(h'V. would ask the Speaker whether 
the House cannot proceed with its ordinary busi- 
ness until the arrival of the Senate? 
The SPEAKER. The Chair finds that, on the 
last occasion when votes were counted the Speaker 
ruled it out of order to transact any other busie 
ncss until the votes Were counted. 
COUNTING OF VOTES. 
At twenty minutes after twelve o'clock, the 
