THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, C. 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
pained here nearly every day to see the Senator 
from Kentucky, and others whom I believe to 
be loyal and true to this country, and to be lovers 
of this Union, turning to the Republican members 
in this Chambcr,a•nd asking them if they are true 
friends of this Union. Sir, who has menaced the 
Union; who has ever said, from the northern 
States anvwhere, that they were not true to this 
Union? The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Misox] 
said, the otherday in his place, that his State had 
been engaged in preparing itself for war for the 
last twelve months; that they had voted $500,000 
to arm the militia; that even towns and counties 
had volunteered to raise money to arm the militia 
of that State; and for what purpose? To flffht 
whom, and to fight what? Why have these prep- 
arations for, war been made all over the South? 
And Wilh the speeches that have been made here 
showing that the South have been preparing to 
arm themselves for the purpose of war, the Sen- 
ator from Kentucky, who is saving this Union, 
has uttered no word of reproof to those gentle- 
men who have made those threats here upon this 
floor. 
I present this memorial, and ask that it be read. 
The Secretary read the memorial, as follows: 
To the honorable Senate and House of Representatives Of 
the United States of .Rmerica in Congress assembled : 
The undersigned citizens of the State Öf Minnesota re- 
spectfully represent to your honorable body that several 
Statcs of this Union have rebelled against the Government 
of the United States; have captured forts, arsenals, can- 
non, snuuli arms, and other property of the United Stat.es, 
to the amount and value of several million dollars; that, 
within those States, citizens of the free States, who have 
gone thither for health, pleasure, or business, relying upon 
the guarantee of our national Constitution , that "the citizens 
of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immu- 
nities of citizens of the several States "—are, by the score 
and hundred, tarred and feathered, banished, and many even 
murdered, by lawless mobs, without judge or jury, indict- 
ment or trial, and their property confiscated without any 
process of law ; that the authorities of the States wherein 
these crimes are perpetrated take no measures to prevent 
or punish them, but rather encourage and approve them ; 
that among those who have been so maltreated are citizens 
of Minnesota; that withi_n said rebellious States the Con- 
stitution and the laws of the United States are a dead let- 
ter, and the authority of the General Government defied ; 
that an Arnerican vessel, bearing the flag of t.he t J nit.ed 
States and in Govermnent unploy, has been, by rebels and 
traitors, fired upon, and by force prevented from entering a 
port of the United States ; .that the channels leading into 
of tbe ports of the United States have been, by the 
authority of the rehellious States atöresaid, blocked up and 
obstructed ; 
that conspiracies have been set on foot to take 
possession of the capital of the United States by an armed 
foe in open rebellion against the Government; that the 
navigation of the Mississippi river has been and is impeded 
arid prevented by :neans of a battery, or batterics, planted 
on its shores, by authority of one of the said 
States ; and that your petitioners cannot learn that the con- • 
stituted authorities ot the Governenent have taken, or are 
taking, eflicientmeasures to put a stop to or to punish such 
proceedings, or to prevent their repetition and indefinite ex- 
tension. 
Your petitioners also learn that certain *neasures have 
been urged upon your honorable body, having mainly in 
view the extension and perpetuation of slavery, as a *neans 
of buying off the perpetrators of the above stated outrages 
frozn continuing and aggravating them. 
Your petitioners are convinced that such measures will I 
not have the desired and that it is due to the integ- 
rity of our Govcrnment, as well as to the law-abiding eit- 
izens who claitn its protection, that the laws shakl be en- , 
forced. " alid that the Federal Constitution, the. rights of 
States, and the Union of the States, shall be preserVed." 
Wherefore your petitioners pray that your honorable body 
will plaee at the disposal of the, President of the United 
States such zneans, in men and money, as may be neces- 
saty tor the purpose; and that vou calk upon him to eu- 
forec tbc laws, to reinforce the iörts threatened by rebels, 
to recapture (if not peaceably delivered up, on demand) •the 
forts and munitions of war of which the Governrnent has t 
been robbed, to take measures to bring traitors to trial and 
punishment, and, generally, to see to it that the Republic 
receives no detriment at the hands of rebels and traitors. 
And your petitioners respectfully but firmly protest against 
thc adoption by your honorable body ot' any proposition for 
amending the Constitution, with a view to conciliate States 
which are in open rebellion, or which threaten rebellion if 
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1861. 
tion itself is concerned, but very short in regard 
to the names. I received last night a'•very• short 
petition , with a large number of respectable names, 
and desire to say that 1 believe within a few 
days evidence will come from my State that a very 
large majority of the people are fbr the Union, and 
that they are for peace, and that they desire thc 
vexed. questions, now agitating the country, set- 
tled in an amicable manner, and in a manner that 
will be honorable to every section, As this me- 
morial contains but a few 'lines, I ask to have it 
read. 
'I'he Secretary read, as follows: 
To the Senate and 
House of Representatives of the United States : 
GENTLEMEN : The undersigned citizens of the city of 
Hastings, representing the nationalities of the New and Old 
World, fraternally united in devotion to the. Constitution 
of the Federal Union, and the principles of free governrnent 
thereby secured, look with anxiety and alarm upon the in- 
crease of public dissension, evidently arising from the per- 
turbed state of political affairs now threatening the dis- 
ruption and overthrow of the, most perfect system of civil 
government ever devised by the vvisdom of liken. The se. 
cession of five States from the Confederacv, our kindred 
in blood and languaae, and of the same political affliationg, 
and the threatened defection of others, fill us with deep 
concern that any condition of our national affairs, or acts 
of legislation, should have led to such calamitous results. 
As we deprecate the spirit of crimination, which engenders 
recrim ination, a fanatical policy fraught only witli mischiet; 
and destructive to peace, we. pass aside fi•oxn any allusions 
to the causes of existing trouble, and pray your honorable 
bodies speedily to pass upon such measures as will give 
quiet to a feverish and distracted country. 
We would respectt'ully recommend the plan of adjust- 
ment embraced in the Crittenden resolutions, or that sub- 
mitted by Hon. H. M. RICE, a modification of' either, or 
combination of the principles of both, such as will secure 
equal justice to every section ot- our once prosperous Union, 
reconcile conflicting passions, and forever put 'to rest sec- 
tionak strife, hitherto so fruitful in discord and anarchy. 
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask to present the 
petition of six hundred delegates constituting a 
Democratic convention of the State of New York , 
held on Thursday, the 31st of January, 1861, at 
Albany, in which that respectable and numerous 
body of delegates submit to the Senate of the 
United States their views upon the great ques- 
E tions agitating the public mind. As these gentle- 
tnen belong to a party different frotn that which 
has sent me here, I feel that it would be injustice 
to them not to present their memorial at the ear- 
liest hour, and I do so at once. 
I ask that it lie 
on the table; and out of respect for the conven- 
tion, I move that it bc printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
WILLIAM L. HUDSON. 
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu- 
tion; which was considered by unanimous con- 
sent, and agreed to: 
Resolved. That the Committee on Foreign Relations be 
. instructed io inquire int.o the propriety of authorizing by 
law Captain VVilliam L. Hudson, of the United States 
Navy, to accept a complimentary testimonial presented to 
him by the Emperor of Russia. 
INAUGURATION OF TliE PRESIDENT. 
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution; 
which was considered by unanimous consen t, and 
ao•reed to: 
Resol,ced, That a committee of three Senators be ap 
pointed by the Presiding Officer to make the necessary ar 
rangements for the reception and inauguration of the Pres 
idelit elect on the 4th of March next, 
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. FOOT, 
Mr. PEARCE, and Mr. BAKER, the committee on 
thé part of the Senate. 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. 
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Mil 
itary Affairs and N'lilitia, to whom was referred 
the petition of George P. ihrie, praying compen- 
NEW SERIES...i.NOu 57. 
tain Fi•ench Forrest, United States 'Navy, for:ade 
ditional compensation for his services„ whiletin 
command of the Pacific squadron, submitted an 
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed. 
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee Oli- Tern- 
tories, to whom the subject was referred; reported 
a, bill (S. No. 562) •to provide a -temporary gov- 
•ernment for the Territory of Dakotas-and tooreate 
the offce of surveyor general therein; which was 
and passed to a second reading. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
the suhject was referred, reported a bill (S. NO. 
563) to organize the Territory Of Nevada; which 
was read, and passed to a second reading„ 
Mr. GREEN notified the Senate would 
call up these bills as soon as possible. 
BILLS BECOME LAWS. 
A message from the President of the United 
States, by Mr. GLOSSBRENNER, his Secretary, 
announced that the President of the United States 
yesterday approved and signed the following acts 
and joint resolution: 
An act (S. No. 531) to change the name of the 
schooner Augusta to Colonel Cook; 
An act (S. No. 111) for the relief of Aaron H. 
Palmer; and 
A joint resolution (S. No. 58) authorizing Lieu- 
tenant T. A. M. Craven, United States Navy, to 
receive certain marks of distinction tendered him 
by the Spanish Government. 
LOTS AT PRAIRID Dü 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 ask to withdraw 
a motion madc by myself to reconsider a bill. 
The bill was passed, and on my motion it was 
It is in relation to . quit-claiming 
reconsidered. 
the interest of the United States to certain lands 
at Praifrie du Chien, Wisconsin. I was acting 
under a misapprehension at the time, and I desire 
to withdraw the motion to reconsider, so that the 
bill may go to the House of Representatives. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair 
hears no objection, and the motion is withdrawn. 
DEXTER R. CROCKER. 
Mr. LANE. I now ask permission of the Sen- 
ate to take up the bill for the relief of Dexter R. 
It is Senate bill No. 546, reported from 
Crocker. 
the Committee on the Post-Offce and Post Roads. 
Mr. WADE. The bill for the relief George 
II. Giddings was the unfinished business of the 
morning hour yesterday. I hope that •will •be 
It is in order. 
taken u 
Mr. IANE. I do not intend to oppose taking 
I only want to say that this'isfor the 
up that bill. 
relief ofa gentleman now living•in Iowa, -where he 
has resided many years, who performed. certain 
services in Oregon, to my knowledge, 'and, per- 
haps, no other person who will be here after me 
It is just; and the 
will know of the services. 
Committee on the Post Offce and Post Roads 
reported the bill, and recommended its passage. 
If the Senator will allow it to come up, I' shali be 
willing that it may go over if it leads to debate; 
and his bill will be taken u 
The PRESIDING OFFféER. The hour for 
the special order has arrived, and it must be taken 
up, unless otherwise directed by the Senate. 
Mr. LANE. I beg the Senate just to allow 
this bill to be taken up, and then it may go over, 
if it gives rise to discussion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator 
from Oregon asks the unanimous consent of the 
Senate to take up the bill referred to. 
Mr. CLARK and Mr. CAMERON objected. 
Mr. LA IN E. Then I shall ask a vote'. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itismöedto 
postpone the special order, which is House' bill 
have returned to their allegiance, and havo withdrawn their sation for services on the boundary survey be- II NO. 338, a bill to provide for the payment of out" 
threats of rebellion, And especially do your petitioners tween the United States and Mexico, and an al- standing Treasury notes, 
protest against the enactmellt of any law, or the adoption lowance for transportation frorn said survey to! Mr. WILSON. Before we proceed toconsider 
of any proposition for ameuding the Constitution, which 
t his home, submitted a report' accompanied by a business, I want to make a motion in regard to 
has in view the extension of human slavery. 
bill (S. No. 564) for the relief of George P. Ihrie. 
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table. The bill was real, , and passed to second reading; 
the nu'ssaq•p, upon which I had the floor to-day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a 
Mr. RICE. I have just listened to a very long and the roport was ordered to be printed. 
Mr. II ALE, from the Committee on Naval I motion pending which the Senator will allow the 
petition coming from the citizens of Minnesota. 
It appears to be very lengthy, so far as tho peti- Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Cap- Chair to dispose of. Itis to postpone the special 
57 
