898 
THE CONGRESSIONAL LOBE. 
February 14, 
ordér,' béinR House bill No. 338, abd take up 
Senate bill 546, for-the relief of Dexter R. Crocker. 
Mr. LANE. Just to take ib up, and let it pass 
over. 
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a 
division—ayes- twenty-three; -noes not ,counted; 
and the bill Noz 546) for the relief of Dexter 
R. Crocker was read the second time and consid- 
It proposes 
ered as in Committee of the W•hole, 
direct the Postmaster General to pay to Dex- 
-ter R. Croeker, for transporting the Umtcd States 
mail: between Canyonville, Oregon, and Yreka, 
California; on route No. 5046, from April to No- 
vember, 1853, a period of eight' months, the sum 
of ,500. 
Mr. LANE. This bill was unanimously re- 
ported; and II think there will be no objection 
tow-it. 
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to 
be engrossed for u third reading, read the third 
time, and passed. 
PATENT OFFICE AGRICULTURAL REPORT. 
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing, 
to wliom was •referred a. motion to print extra 
copies ofthe annual report of the Connmissioner 
of. Patents on agriculture for the year 1860, re- 
ported the- following resolution: 
Resoh•ed, That twenty thousand additional copies' ot• the 
annual report of the Cmnmissioner o!' Patents on aerricul- 
ture, tar the year 1860, be printed for the of the Senate ; 
gnd five thousand additional comes for distribution by the 
Inte*ior Departrnent, including sixteen pages or illustra- 
tions. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it over. 1 do not 
understand it. 
The resolution lies over f undcr the rules. 
MISSION OF PEACE FROM VIRGINIA. 
THE' TARIFF BILL. 
Mr. CAMERON. What is the question before 
the Senate now ? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no 
question before the Senate. 
Mr. CAMERON. Then, I move to take up 
the tariff bill. 
Mr. SIMMONS. It is the special order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special 
order that was passed over will be taken up. It 
is House bill No. 338, to provide for the payment 
of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, 
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for 
other purposes. 
Mr. WIGFALL. I understood yesterday that 
the unfinished business was the joint resolution 
of the House of Representatives in reference to 
I hope it will be 
George H. Giddings's claim. 
taken up now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was dur- 
ing the morning hour. 
Mr. WIGFALL. It was to be taken up, as 1 
understood, as unfihished business. 
supposed by the then Secretary of the Treasury 
would be made, as he said in relation to his 
scheme, about 1 bclieve 1 stated 
the time some $51,000,000. It was said then that 
such a sum 'vvould be ample, inasmuch as it was 
supposed by Mr. Guthrie that the expenditures 
bf $50,000,000. I think, sir, that more than one 
of the leadm•s and eminent men ill the party about 
to come into power, estimated, duril)g (he last 
year, that something like $50,000,000 ought to 
suffice for the annual expenditures of the GOV- 
ernment. 
Now, sir, we all know that in the first year of 
the operation of this tariff of 1857 it was exposed 
to a severe financial- pressure, and therefore that 
year could afford no test of its revenue capacities; 
but in the very next year, when there was a par- 
tial revival of trade, it yielded about $50,000,000, 
comincr within 2 or 3 per cent. of the estimate 
which was made in regard to it. Did any such 
measure ever produce results more nearly accord- 
I ing with its estimate than 3 or 4 per cent. ? SD 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there had II 
in regard to the cstimate of the Secretary of the 
been time witliin the morning hour it would haire Treasury for what it was to yield during the last 
been; but the entire hour was consumed by the fiscal year. He estimated that it would yield 
some $55,900,000. Its actual yield , accordine• to a 
presentation of petitions and reports. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 the Senator from 
Rhode Island will allow that matter to be consid- 
ered now. It will not lead to debate. 
i Mr. GRIMES and Mr. FESSENDEN. It 
will. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have given way now for 
three or four bills, and l. think we had better go 
on with the tai•iff -bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. House bill No. 
338 is before the in Committee of the 
Whole. 
Mr. WILSON. I move that tbe message of Mr. SIMMONS. I propose now that we pro- 
ceed Wilh the amendments, beginning in the sixth 
the President, on which I had the floor, bc post- 
section, and passino• over the loan portion of the 
poned, and specially assigned for Monday next, 
bill; and I have , a.n amendment to offer to the fifth 
at one o'clock. 
Mr. CLARK. I hope not. Thcre was another section, whcn wo get through with the amend- 
question postponed to the same time, on which I mcnts reported by the, committee. 
Mr. HUNTER. What doesthe Senator from 
have the floor. 
Rhode Island propose? I did not hear him. 
Mr. WILSON. Then will say half past i 
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose to commence with 
twelve o'clock on Monday. 
the amendments at the sixth section of the bill. 
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that. 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Rhode 
Mr. LAND. I suggest to the honorable Sen- 
Island [Mr. SIMMONS] presented his views at large 
ator to say Tuesday, nt one o'clock. Tl'bcre is no 
special ordcr for that day, and I desire very much on the bill yesterday; and it seems to Ine that, 
to- have the floor for a few moments when the perhaps, as I reprcsent the ropposite opinions, 1 
ought to present them before we comuncnce to act 
If it comes up on Monday, 
message .comes up. 
I do not wish to impede or 
it will clash with the order at one o'clock, and I on the amendments. 
throw any obsta_cles in the way of action on the 
shall :have no opportunity of getting the floor. 
bill; but It strikes me t.hat probably I had better 
Mr. WILSON. As •I have given way sorne 
fifteen -or twenty times already, •I suppose I can present what I have to say now than afterwards. . 
Mr. P resident, it is very disagreeable to speak, 
do so oncc more; and I propose Tuesday, at one 
as I do on this occasion, with a consciousness of 
o •clock. 
my inability to prevent the passage of this 
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. The motion is, 
have no doubt that the -adoption of this 
to postpone the rnessage of the Presi(lcut of the 
I believe it 
measure is n forwone conclusion. 
United States, communicatil')C to the Senate sc- 
rics of resolutions adopted bv the Legislature of' has been generally understood that the adhesion 
Virginia, having in view a peacefal settlement Qf of the State of Pennsylvania to the Republican 
statement which I have from the Register of the 
Treasury, made up since the annual report. , was 
#54,100,000; thus coming within less than 4 per 
cent.•of the estimate of the Secretary of the Treas- 
ury.. The Secretary of the Treasury estimated 
that the tariff would yield, during tl)is year, some- 
thing like $60,000,000. We all know that, up to 
the period of the presidential election, the receipts 
from this tariff were lapgely in advance of ihe 
receipts of the corresponding period in the last 
fiscal year, when it actually yielded $54,100,000. 
According to the statement given to me, it will be 
found, that not only did the first quarter yield 
sornething more than the first quarter of the last 
fiscal year, but the receipts for the month of Oc- 
tober were something -likc #500,000 in advance of 
those of the corresponding month of the last fiscal 
year. * We kliow t.hat the exports of this yéar, 
up to that period, were largely In advance of those 
of the preceding year. There was every reason, 
thereföre, to expect that, if there had been no 
political trouble, the revenue under this tariff of 
1857, would have been much larger this year than 
it was during the last; and that, probably, it 
would have reachcd.sométhing like $58,000,000 or 
$60,000,000. Why, sir, we exported last year 
$400,000,000, including specie, which is now a 
product of this country; and we were exporting, 
up to the time of the presidential electi013 , th is year, 
greatly more than we were during the last year. 
But the Senator from Rhode Island, in order 
to undervalue the revenue capacity of this tariff 
of 1857, takes what he calls four years. 
been operation but a little over three years and 
a half. He takes that first year of financial panic; 
he takes the two years that were hardly average 
years, for commerce did not revive until last year; 
the questions w bich now threaten the Union, and party was upon condition of the passage of and he takes this year, without the consideration 
and I suppose an obliga- I of this severe political crisis and revolution in 
bill; 
make it the special order fbr Tuesday next, at 
whicll we are placed, and estimates it according to 
tion that has been incurred at such a price must 
one o'clock. 
The motion was agreed to. 
COMMODORE PAULI)ING. 
the supposition of the Secretary of the Treasurv 
be carried out. Sti}l, I ox.vc it, perhaps, to those 
whose opinions I represented on this committee, in order to makearevenuecapacityof 
and to my constituents, to expose, if I can, the or $45,000,000. Now, Mr. President, is that a 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up House shallow pretexts on which it is sought to adopt fail: way of estimating the probable effects of the 
joint resoiutioo No. 59, and I call the attention of this 'incasurc, and strip it. of those disguises in bill? Do we not know that its receipts have been 
actually increasing up to the time of this very 
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. IVIAsoN,] to it. the soape of specific duties, under which its enor- 
political revulsion? It yielded more the second 
It is a joint resolution, reported from tile Com- mous taxation is hidden. 
It was suid, sir, by the Senator from Massa- year than it did the first; it yielded more the third 
mittce on Foreign Relations, authorizing Com- 
chusetts [Mr. WILSON] some weeks since, that E year than it did the second; and it was in the way 
modorc .H. Paulding to receive a sword - a 
he would probably go for the Morrill bill, because to yield more in the fourth year than it did in the 
grant of land, awarded to him the Republic 
I desire to have it taken up and the iaw of 1857 had failed to answer the expectn- third. Up to the period of the presidential elec- 
of' Nicaragua. 
tions of its friends. The Senator from Rhode tion, it had yielded largely more than it did during 
passed. 
Mr. MASON. I shall not object to taking np Island, too, presented a specious but very illusory the same period last year. No, sir; the measure 
statement in regard to the revenue capacities of has not failed to answer the expectations of its 
the resolution; but, if it be takcn up, I shall feel 
that measure. The Senat.or from Massachusetts 
called upon to give rny. reasons for opposing it. 
* Statem.ent, eæhibiting the receipts from customs in the Uni- 
Mr. CAMERON. Then, I hope it will not be [Mr. WILSON may against the measure of 
ted States for the months qf July, uqurgust., September, and 
1857 because e does not like it, or he may vote 
October, i859. diso the same eæhibÜts for the correspond- 
taken up now. 
for anothcr because he prefers it; but he is utterly 
DOOLITTLE. 1? it is taken up, 1 shall 
inc period of time in 1860 : 
move to put it over until to-morrow morning, at mistaken if he supposes that that measure has For quarter ending September 30, 1859. 
..$15,947.670 62 
not answered the expectations of its friends, so l! For month of October, 1859........... 
half-past twelve o'clock. 
I far as its revenue capacities are concerned. •As 
Mr. MASON. i have no objection to that. 
we all know, the bill of 1857 was passed for the 
The motion to take up the joint resolution was . 
.58 
...919,156.59.3 '20 
purpose of reducing the revenues of the country For quarter ending September 30, 1860.. 
..$16.115.831 22 
agreed to. 
3,716,548 72 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, I move that it be In order that we might in that mode enforce econ- For month of October, 1860.... 
made the special order for to-morrow, at half-past omy upon Congress in its annual legislation. 
Total 
.919,836.379 94 
twelve o'clock. 
The motion wag agreed to, 
was based upon an estimate that it would prob- 
! ably yield, upon the importation which it was DEPARTMENT, January 22, 1861. 
