THEY CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
901 
more directly to the benefit of our producer, who 
thus is enabled to-ship his products to market at 
a less expense, as he.ships it directly; to the ben- 
efit of the American ship•owner, who thus gets 
a larger share of freights; and to the benefit of 
the American consumer, who thus gets these goods 
cheaper than otherwise he would have done. 
pass away from that to the consideration of this 
tariff itself. 
The Senator from Rhode Island has gravely 
asserted in his place, that this tariff x.vould yield, 
I think, #20,000,000 more than the other. If it 
bc the tariff that I think I am prepared to shosv 
it is, it is almost prohibitory upon many of the 
maerial articles of American consumption. In 
the first place, it is so complicated and cumbrous 
that it wili take double the expense to execute it 
that the other tariff does. 
It will open the door 
to five times as much fraud; and in regard to this 
point, I base myself not upon my simple asser- 
tion, but on a letter which I received from the 
collector of custorns of New York, last year, to , 
whom I addressed some interrooatories in this 
regard. This is a letter from Mr. Schell. 
The appraisers, as will be seen, express the opinion that 
the execution of the proposed law (tariff) would require, 
in their department, doubte the prcscnt store aecomtnoda- 
tions, and threo tiroes the force of the prescnt cniployés. 
In the custom. house proper, I am persuaded, an increase 
of from one third to one •half would be required in the force 
of' liquidating, Ineasurers, weiui}ers, &c., and the embar- 
rassment and delay to importers in obtaining a disposable 
possession of their goods would be increased a hundred 
This is a letter from Mr. Schell. 
I sent an 
interrogatory 
Mr. BIGLER. the Senator give the date 
of that letter ? 
Mr. HUNTER. It is dated the 30th of May, 
1860, in reply to a letter sent in regard to tbc 
Morrill tariff. Why, sir, upon the same article 
here—take the article of cotton—we have a specific 
duty and we have an ad, cal.oretn duty. We have 
two sorts of minimums. We not only nave amin- 
imum as to price, but we have a min:rnum as to the 
threads to the square inch. 
It must not have so 
many or over so Inany threads to the square inch. 
In order to estimate the duty, they have to weigh 
it; they have to measure it; they then have to get I 
largely into common use? Cable. .58,per eent.x 
coil chain, three eighths inch, 70 per.rcqnt,-; three 
sixteenths inch, per cent.; ox-chainsg seve*l 
tenths inch, 108 per cent. ; trace chains, No, 3) 
83 per cent. , which applies also to halter, fence, 
and other chains. 
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from Vir- 
ginia inform me upon what basis g-hie- ad' 
is placed; whether it is on the dutiable prices for 
average years? 
Mr. HUNTER. I have to say. in reply, that 
I cannot tell. The custom-house base 
the ad valorem on the averaøe prices Of. the article, 
and they are.the men who are the best judges of 
it. In regard to this statement—the Senator has 
seen it as well as I have—left here by the commit- 
tcc of hardware men, it will be found to be cor- 
roborated to a considerable extent by the state- 
ment of the appraisers themselves, from whom I 
have received estimates in regard to it. 
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Virginia 
will agree with me in ,onc view on the present 
point. He will agree with me that a statement 
which attempts to reduce the specific du!y to ad 
valoron, based on the present depressed prices, 
would not give the Senate a fair idea of what would 
be right as a general policy. If these statements 
i are based on the present depression of prices, the41 
they are dclusive. 
I hope I shall be allowed a single remark- on, a 
point which the Senator has passed, and then I 
will not trouble him again. It is in reference to 
ages, in diitiable value, $45 per ton. Nev.' duty equal to 
i 44.4 per cent. 
the duty on iron. The country was better satis- 
H. I)utiablc value of pig iron, $14 per ton. New duty 
fed, I think, with the tariff of 1846, so far as iron 
equal to 42.8 per cent. 
is concerned; at least, we heard less complaint; 
M. Dutiable value of old iron, $5 to $10. New duty 
and yet, the rate of duty reduced to specific rates 
equal to 120 and 00 per cent. 
" N. Included in 
on the quant.ity during the existence of that tariff, 
Cc. Polished sheet iron, dutiable value, 6 cents per 
exceeds the specific rates named in this bilk; and 
pound. Neiv duty equal to 33} per cent. 
for the six years prior to 1859, the rate of duty 
" Dd. Other sheet iron, 
cormnon or black, not thinner 
on bar iron, as made out by those who were per- 
than No. 26 wire gaucre, SQO per ton. Dutiable value, $45 
per ton. New duty equal to 44.4 per cent. 
fectLy competent to make it, shows a. specific rate 
Ee. Thinner than No. 26, and not thinner than No. 25, 
of 66. 
wire gauge. Dutiable value, tt51 per ton. New duty equal 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, an attempt to 
to 50 per cent. 
Ff. 'I'hinner than No. 26 wirn gauge, $30 per ton. Du- 
compare the specifics based upon the duties of 
tiable value, $58 per ton. Ncwduty equal to 50.9 per cent. 
1846 with these specifics now, is something like 
But, sir, there have been some amendments 
the comparison which the Senator from Rhode 
proposed to be made in the bill by the committee, 
Island made yesterday between the specifics under 
the tariff of i842 and the specifics now proposed; 
and I went to the custom-heusc for the ad caloretns 
• as if what was a moderate duty then is notahigh 
But let us look at the duties, themselves. 
I 
come first to iron, that great necessity of the 
country, as necessary almost as food, as water, 
as air'. Let us look and sce what are the duties 
imposed upon that; and here I must beg the,Sen- 
ate to bear with me if I am tedious, because it is 
impossible to explain the operation of this bill 
without entering more largely into these statistics 
than I should otherwise like to do. Here are the 
answers of the New York appraisers to the ques- 
tions which I addressed to them in regard to this 
Morrill tariff bill: 
A. The dutiablc value of bar iron is from $30. per ton 
upwards, the great buik of it being valued at about $37 per 
ton. On these prices, which represent the 'value. of 80 per 
cont. of the bat iron imported into the United States, the 
new duty ivould be equivalent to 50 and 40 per cent. ad 
•valorem. 
B. Dutiable value of rails, $29 per ton. New duty 
equal to 41.3 per cent." 
J have a statement here from an extensive im- 
porting house in New York, a house that imports 
iron—Oothonth & Brother—which makes that 
cost $26 62, which would make the specific duty, 
if reduced to its corresponding ad calorem, about 
45 per cent. ; but take it according to the ap- 
praiser's statement, here is 41 per cent. upon 
railroad iron: 
C. Dutiable value, of boiler-plate about $15 per ton. 
New duty equal to 44.9 per cent." 
That is for New England, sir. 
G. Rolled and hammered iron, not included in A, aver- 
the invoice price at all the principal markets of the 
as they Mjould bc upon those amendments. Ac- 
country where the goods are bought; and thus it cordinr to this account but small changes have 
is a system so complicated that it is a,most im- 
been ntade by the amendments in the duties. 
possible to execute it with certainty, and it n-mst I There is a change made in the duty on locomotive 
open the door to fra_lld of every description. Why, tires, and parts which used to pay 24 per cent. now 
sir, I doubt if the Senator from Rhode Island will pay from 14 to 17 per cent. ; anvils, which 
himself could collect this duty according to the formerly paid 24, will now pay 36 per cent. ; 
turo- 
system which he herc recommends. Ee would inch wood-screws, which formerly paid 24 will 
now pay 60 per cent. ; cross-cut saws formerly 
find it diffcult to take this schedule in regard to 
cottons, and execute it himself. TV hat would II paid 24 per cent. , the new duty is 48 per cent. ; 
became of the in)porter, when hc was acting on on steel, which formerly paid 12 per cent. , 
the 
new duty is 22.7 pcr cent. This is a statement 
this cumbersome compound operation? W hcn 
hc came in with his yard-stick to measure it, and from the custom-house, dated February 13, 1861. 
And yet, sir, the Senator from Rhode Island 
with his scales to weigh it, (becausc there, is a ] 
said that tbc dealers in steel were all contented 
it must not weigh more 
minimum as to weiyht•, 
than so many ounces to the yard ; ) when he has with the imposition. He convinced them thqt 
the framers of the bill knew more about their 
done ali this, if t.he importer shonld say, Ict Ine 
pay the specific duty aud go," the Senator would business than they knew of it themselves, and 
duty now. I have just shown that the imposition 
of a duty of 24 per cent. will prohibit the importa- 
tion of iron more largely now than 30 per cent. 
would under the tariff of 1846. The reason Of it 
is, that the processes of making iron are improved 
so much that the relative difference between the 
cost of making iron here and producingitabroad 
has diminished, and diminished to such an extent, 
that 24 per cent. will exclude more.importatious 
of iron now than 30 per cent. would -at the time 
the tariff of 1846 was passed. I think I may say 
that such is at Icast a probable conclusion from 
the statistics which I have quoted. But in regard 
to this reduction of specifics to ad calot•ems I base 
myself upon the opinion of the experts, the ap- 
praisers in the custom-house, who are best ae- 
quainted with the, average prices. If I were to refer 
reply: " Oh, no; I must know its Plice; you must they all went away gratified that hc had followed to private individuals and to firms I could make a 
much more telling statement against this bill; but 
give not only your own invoice, but I must have his own head and not taken their sucrgestion. 
a certificate of the consuls to know price in Here is 22 per cent. upon so important a raw J. choose rather to rely upon the public ofiicers. 
the principal markets of the world." W_ben these material as steel. Why, sir, if he could have The statement I have made is taken from their 
' stop a •while contented those who complain ot' the Morrill statement of last year I received, this morning, a 
had been criven him, he would sav, 
tariff bill, he would have been the most fortunatc statement showing the few exceptions that are 
yet; I Inust count the threads; and I rnust know 
lecrislator upon record. He certainly did not sec proposed by the committee and not yet passed; 
how many threads there are in the square inch." 
Then when he had done all that, and the importer the men whom I saw from New York, for a more and according to their statement, as I 'have just 
showrn you, they do not alter their.previpus esti- 
is ready to pay in specific duties, ho wouid say to discontented and complaining set of gentlemen i 
'stop awhile; you have paid the speöific never laid my eyes upon in my whole legislativc i mate in regard to railroad iron at all. They alter 
duty; but here is an ad caloren still due; let us experience. One of' them said to me, speaking their statement in regard to steel and wood screws, 
MT hen I of this bill, you might as well make war upon which they say will pay (50 per ccnt., 
anvils, 
go over this invoice and calculate that. " 
they had done all this, paid the specific and ad the city of New York." That is an exacgerated which they say will pay 36 per cent.' 
, cross-cut 
'V(doreqn duties, the importer would say, "Well, statement. 
saws, 48 per cont., and so on. 
I suppose it would do the city more 
harm if you were to shell it than if you were to Now, Mr. President, it must be remembered 
now, may I not get my goods and go 
sir; you see what trouble I have. had in apprais- pass this tariff bill; but that it must operate as a that this duty is not the only advantage the. home 
I-Ie has a natural ad-vantage. I 
its interests, I think nobody can doubt producer has. 
ing a small part of your goods; you do not sup- 
who witl study its provisions. 'l'he i•cpresenta- am told by importing merchants—I do not vouch 
pose I can ect through that cargo to-day, to-I-nor- 
that this natural ad vantage is 
row, this week, or perhaps the next;" and owing tivcs of thc hardware interest left me a statement I fbr the truth of It— 
to the very complication of these provisi0Jis,a f before they went away, t.Q which I would like. to equal to about 15 per cent. : and if you wish to 
ascertain the whole advantam2 the domestic pro- 
call the attention of the Senate. Here is a table 
man would havc to leave his goods in store for I 
do not know how lone, in order that they might (i will not read all of it) of the duty upon screws. duccr has over the importer, you must add to 41 
be Propemy appraised and the duties assessed. If They take them according, to their differentclasses,: and 44 and 4G per cent. 15, making it 55 and 60 
I ask, if it is 
per ccnt., as the advantage he has. 
Y ou had been making a bill for the purpose of On one class there is an average of 31 per cent.., 
attacking and suppressing the trade in foreign on another one 51, on another 5Gå, another 75, proper to place these enormous duties.on an arti- 
merchandise, and putting down the importino• 84, another .90, another 57, another 5v, i { cle of such general and necessary consumption? 
another 54, another 50 per cent, What do they MI hy, sir, iron and steel constitute the raw mate- 
merchants of the country, you could not have dc- 
vised it better than it has been done in this case. say of these articles whiGh enter so rial of the tools of almost every artisan and every 
