THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
907 
that speech, that it was from this motive, and this 
alone, that I made the remarks I did; that wrong 
had becn committed by our State against other 
States, and that I wanted to apply the remedy. 
sustained the remedy proposed by the committee 
of thirty-three. My colleague over the way had 
attacked it; i defended it, and in doing so, I gave 
the facts necessary to a proper undefstanding of 
the measure before the country and the House; I 
so that we might vote properly upon this rerne- 
dial proposition. 
If my colleague expects to make anything from 
this attack upon me, I am willing to meet him now 
terms of intimacy, and I *vvould not reflect un- 
necessarily or unjustly upon them. I believe a 
majority of them are peaceable, law-abiding, and 
Union-loving men, and I desire here to say that 
in justice to them. simply referred to the sad 
fact—for fact it was and true—that a gentleman 
had been murdered when attempting to arrest his 
slaves in that borough. Now, sir, the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania, '•.vhen giving his statement of 
the facts connected with that case, used the foi- 
lowing language: 
6' You Wii} learn the fact that this alleged murder never 
was committed at that the man diéd of indigestion, 
and here, or at any time and place. Every time' probably unused to the solid living of Pennsylvania; he 
may have eaten saurkraut or cabbarre." 
this thing comes into this House, I am placed 
upon the defensive in reference to my own party Now, sir, I hold in my hand a communication 
and my own State, and against the disgraceful 
in regard to the death of Mr. Kennedy, to whom 
domination of the Republican party in Ohio. 
I referred, written, at my request, by the brother- 
Because I do this, i am to be hunted down by in-law Of that gentleman, a highly distinguished I 
these blood-hounds ofthe Republican party. Why citizen of the State of Maryland, formerly a mem- 
do not these gentlemen attack some of the south- ber of this House, and at present engaged in the 
men who stand up here for the Union, and peace conference, at the other end of the avenue, 
measures of conciliation to preserve it? Oh, no. 
the Hon. J. Dixon Roman. 
Chey sing pearls to thc gentleman from. Tennes- 
The Icttcz• was read, as follows: 
see, [Mr. ETHERIDGE,] and the gentleman from 
WILLARDS' HOTEL, 
Virginia, [Mr. CLEMENS,] and to other southern 
WASHINGTON, Fcfn•uary 11, 1861. 
DEAR SIR : I received last. evening yo:n• nore inclosing 
members; but when a Democrat from Ohio, or a 
the reported speech of Mr. JUNKIN, and requesting from nic 
northern Democrat stands up here for the Union, 
a staternent of the facts and circurnstances at.teudilltr the 
he is at once made the mark for tbc missiles of death of my brother-in-law, Mr. Ja:nes H. Kennedy, re- 
scorn, hate, and personality. 
It shows that they 
ferrcd to in said speech. 
Blr. Kennedy resided in Hagcrstown, Maryland, a young 
love their party better than the Union; that they 
will stand by their platform rather than the Con- 
stitution. 
IVIr. WEBSTER. Personal explanations seem 
to be in ordcr this 
I bavc endeavored 
for some days to get the floor for that purpose 
but have not succeeded, and I avail myself of this 
opportunity to do so. It will be remembered that 
some days ago, when my friend, the senior mem- 
ber from Pennsylvania, [Mr. STEVENS,] was mak- 
ing a speech, I interrupted him by making refer- 
ence to tt.vo instances in which citizens of my State 
lost their lives in atternptinø to arrest their slaves 
in the State of Pennsy;vania. 
I said, then, as I 
say now, that, in alluding to. those cases, I had 
no desire to enter into cnnunatlon or recrimma- 
tion. I had no desire whatever to increase thc 
gentlevnan under tl'irty years of' of liberal edncation, 
easy fortune, and with all the surroundings which lend at- 
He pursued his slaves who had escaped 
into Pennsylvania, •and on the 2d June, 1847, arrested thexn 
in Carlisle. Under legal advice he appeared with them be- 
fore, the court, clanning their restitution under the Consti- 
tiltion and (he act or Congress or 1793. 'I'hc facts were not 
disputed. The judge declared his undoubted right to return 
then* to 'Maryland ; 
but decided that, by the recent act of 
1847. coniinonly known as the pcrsoual liberty bill" of I 
that State 
the court was iOrbi(Iden to hold jurisdiction, 
the sheriff forbidden to render assistance, or to use the I 
jail for safk>keeping." 
II 
Being thus deprived of officiat aid, while passing from 
door to carriarc at the curbstone hc 
the cau rt- 
int'uriated ; avid, although a few 
. Ivas attacked by an 
citiz.ens, person ai friends were with tllim, aided bv 
soene others, t•ougtit :nalktully in defense, they were over- I 
powered, tite *laves rescued, and he left prostrate, on the 
street, with severe bruises in the region of the chest, and his 
knee-cap broken. Many other citizens were present, in- 
this letter. that, the statement: L made:at -the time. of 
interrupting the gentleman from IPennsylvania, 
[Mr. STEVENS,] though not giving all particulars, 
was substantially correct in regard to the cose at 
Carlisle. 
I also referred to a case which occurred in the 
county of Lancaster. The gentlemån also, inhis 
-reply, referred to that 'case; and in doing so hc 
used the following language: 
'The fact is that Mr. Gorsuch was murdered by-his ,own 
slaves. He was warned, before he undertook to arrest 
then), that the-nem•oes were known to be desperatc,: and 
that they would undoubtedly take their master's life ; and 
Mr. Gorsuch swore by his Maker that he would arrest- thegn, 
or die in the attetnpt. He made the effort, and was shot 
down by his own slave, and not by Pennsylvanians." 
Well, sir, would it be believed, after such lan- 
guage as this, that Mr. Gorsuch was a highly re- 
spectable citizen of my State, an old gentleman, 
a worthy member of the Methodist Episcopal 
Church? 'That he followed his slaves into the 
county of Lancaster, taking with him a marshal 
of the United States, and the process of the Uni- 
ted States, which had been provided by the fugitive 
slave law of 1850, and when he attempted to ar•, 
rest his slaves under the process of law, he .vas 
resisted by a_n armed mob of negroes and mur- 
dered; and his son, who was with him, barely 
escaped with his life. Nevertheless, these are the 
facts, and nothing but the facts. 
I do not care to dwell upon these things, and I 
regret that it has been necessary to allude to them 
I desire that the concord and fraternity 
at all. 
which has so long existed between the old Corn- 
monweallh of Pennsylvania and that of Mary- 
land shall not bc destroyed. I admire that old 
State. 'The boncs of many of my ancestors sleep 
within her bosom, and many relations now live 
within her limits. I have very great regard for 
that State, and I hope it will continue to be, in 
the future, as it has been in the past; the key- 
stone of the Federal arch. But I do say to the gen- 
tleman from Pennsylvania, who has undertaken 
to arraWn my conduct in regard to this matter, 
that if lie desn•es to maintain those friendly rela- 
tions, I trust he will take sorne other course, 
N.vl'len the death of one of our most respectable 
and Christian citizens is alluded to; a citizen 
unhappy excitement which exists in the country, I 
but I did it because the senior member from Penn- 
in making what I sup- 
sylvania, [ M-r. STEVENS,] 
posed to be a strong anti-compromise speech, re- 
ferred to certain alleged wrongs perpetrated by 
citizens of the South apon citizens of the North, 
and included mv own State. 
I made those re- 
marks in that interruption simply as a sort of I 
set-off, so that when the people of his State should 
come to sce his speech, they might find that we 
also had grievances to complain of, and that 
cluding a professor in the coilcge, (a clergy!nan,) who was foully, brutally murdered, in his State, while at- 
tempting to arrest his slaves by due process of 
said to have used language of bitter hostility against the 
owners, arid who was afterward* tried as an accessort,', 
'l law, than of referring to him as a man of violence 
but acquitted, as I learned, because or' a doubt whet.hcfliis 
and profanity, and of making the death of another 
encouracring had been heard by, or influenced 
those actively enuaged in the riot. 
Mr. Kennedy remained confined to his bed at the hotel 
until the 25th and being a rnan of vigorous constitution 
his friends did not suppose, al- 
and n ninte.rrupted healt.h, 
though crippled for life, that his injuries would prove fatal. 
But his appetite sooli failed, and his general health rapidly 
decih•cd, without any apparent adequate cause. 
For nuu:y days previous to his dent.h he frequently awoke 
Croxn sleep with great oppression and of' breathing, 
thereby they migrht be inclined to settlc amicably which increased and became gradually tnot•e serious until', 
the diffculties between us. That was the only tho Inorning the Q5tb, suddenly awoke with a sinki\ar 
parox•vsan oi great oppression, and died within an hour. i 
I wished to show that 
motive that actuated rne. 
i. Plis wité. brother, and sister were I-vitu hill), and froin their 
the wrono• was not altogether upon one side. 
statejnents, and those of his physician, I arn satisfied there 
I find that the citizens of Carlisle have taken 
and the idea of cravnp in 
was no symptojn. of colic," 
svas never suggested. Thcro had been no im.- 
exception to my remarks, which s.vere doubtless ! I the stom.ach.•• 
not reported correctly in the papers which they II prudence in, diet," and to say that he died 
indigestion" 
l, wotlld sccm to be ridiculous. Physicians differed in opiniort. 
saw; and a gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. 
Scnne of those in Hagerstown believed the bruises on his i! 
JUNKIN] took occasion, several days afterwards, had resulted in internal mortification. 
r.Phere was no 
however, as to tbc fact that his death was caused I 
durinty one of the night sessions of the House, ti difii't•enc.e 
by the injuries received fi•om the mob. And it is not true, 
when I l,vas not present to ruyself, to ani- 
of our estimated citizens, who lost his life in the 
pursuit of his slave, the, occasion of jests, upon 
this floor, or of laughter through these Halls. Sir, 
this is not the way to pour oil upon the troubled 
waters; this is not the way to heal the open 
wounds, still bleeding from the violence inflicted 
on our people. I trust the gentleman will not pur- 
sue this linc of policy hereafter. I trust, at least, 
that l)efore he again undertakes to question the 
correctness of my statements, or to arraign my 
conduct upofi this floor, he will see that his own 
statements are founded jn fact, and that his own 
conduct is above reproach. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 desire to 
say a single word. The gentleman from Mary- 
land says that he interposed in my speech, be- 
cause I was making what he supposed to be a 
strong anti-compromise speech. If' the gentleman 
i i as stated by Mr. 1Miller, that he had recovered fronn those 
had read my speech—although I do not eXpect 
rnudvert upon In y conduct, both as regards the injuries 
to his dcatn. 
\Vhcn his body was brought home to Hagerstown, and anybody to take that trouble—he would have 
correctness of the facts which I stated, and the 
motives which induced me to state them. Now, the ten thousand of our citizens who attendéd his funeral ii found that I made a very conservative speech. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman, in so doing, has 'Ylis- heard the widow's wail and the forth As to anti-compromise, I believe 1 did not agree 
to go for a compromise. did say that I had 
represented what i did say, as well as reflected 
hostile legislation of frennsylvania, which had led to the 
upon my party. The language I upon that 
occasion was this: 
Well, sir, [ desire only to refer to an occurrence whieh 
took place in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. A man froin my State 
went to ( to reclaün slave who had fled fronl hitn; 
and was nnu•dered in his to arrest his own slave. 
Another gentleman went from Baltimore county, in n-ty 
district, to the gentleman's State to reélairn his slave who 
had escaped ; and he was tnurdcred at Christiana while en- 
deavoring effect the reclaination." 
The gentleman, in his speech, says that I as- 
sorted herc in mv place, that the citizens of the 
borough Carlisle had murdered a citizen of the 
State of Aluryland in cold blood, when he was in 
Sir, I made no reference 
pursuit of his slave. 
I said nothing about 
to the citizens of Carlisle. 
a man being murdered in cold blood. Far be it 
fl•onl me to reflect upon the citizens of that bor- 
lived tu-noncr them for four years, as a 
I havc a hiffli regard for 
student in college there. 
them upon 
I have iiiiugled with 
most of cheni. 
sad rcsuit•, and this feeling spread (hc lightning's wing watched for something on the part of the free 
throughout the South, until many people,whb States to be compromised, and thul I could find 
had aever heard his narnc or known his worth. were ready 
nothing; but if there was anything which was 
to in ingle tears over his untinwly• grave, as a Inartyr in their 
wrong, I was sure we could compromise it. The 
conunon cause. 
acntleman, when he made his statement, said that 
'Ithe facts above stau•d in connection with the riot, were h 
derived next day Croni hångelt• and several of those citizens I alluded to a case, I think, of a requisitlon from 
! I who had struggled by his side ; and these, with the circrnn- 
In the course of remark, some- 
the Governor. 
stances attending his death, having been the subject ot• Cre- 
thing was said about the Governor of Ohio not 
quont fä:nily conversations, it is scarcely possible for them i I 
delivering up criminals upon a requisition. I 
to be luistaken or forgotten, 
Mr. Miller has doubtless heard the fact which now re- mentioned—and I believe mv remark was put in 
peat, that the Itunii.v entertained tile grateful feelings the Globe by the reporters—that a similar case— 
thosc citizcne of Carlisle who so Gobly battled in 
did not inquire into the merits of it—occurred 
rue luajot•it.y of her people 
and to thu 
his defense, 
in my own county, and that, in two instances, 
afterwards poured forth iheir s•yinpathies from overflowing 
But T."tese feeliuus are not inconsistent with the kidnappers were indicted by the grand jury of 
deep and abiding conviction that the riot was the conse- 
Chester county, and a requisition for them was 
quence of hosttke legislation ; nor with the still Illore certain 
made upon the Governor of Maryland; but he 
fhc.t that the injuries then received were the direct und prox- 
ilnat.e cause of his death. 
Yours sincerely, 
I-Ion. Enwt.N H. SVEDSTER. 
refused to give them up. I believe it was at that 
point. that the gentleman from Maryland inter- 
J. DIXON ROMAN. 
rupted me, and made this crimination against 
Mr. WEBSTER. It will be from Pennsylvania. It is due to myself that 1 should 
