THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICTAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON; D, 
.54 
THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
feel at liberty to call the previous question on the 
special order. My colleague, [Mr. CORWIN,I who 
has the control of the question, is absent on ac- 
count of the death of a distinguished citizen of 
Mr. PHELPS. To-morrow the gentleman 
from Ohio can get up the Post Office appropria- 
tion bill. It is not objection day in the Committee 
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar. 
Mr. SHERMAN, A. dozen objections will be 
made to taking up public business on private bill 
day, I insist on my motion. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 demand tellers on second- 
ing the demand for the previous question. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BURCH and 
LOVEJOY were appointed. 
The House divided; and the tellers reported— 
ayes forty-eight. 
Mr. SHERMAN. For the 
modatinø• gentleman on all sides I withdraw my 
motion; and I no vv move that the further consid- 
eration of the special order be postponed until 
Saturday next, after the morning hour. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to that; we want the 
private bill days for the 'Private Calendar. We 
have not once this session had the Private Calen- 
dar under consideration. 
Mr. PHELPS. To-morrow is discussion day in 
the Committee of thc Whole House on the Pri- 
vate Calendar, and nothing will be accomplished. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. It ought to be made objection 
day. 
Mr. FLORENCE. It ought to be 0b- 
iection day. agree with the gentleman from i 
Illinois. We have not done any business on the I 
Private Calendar this session. 
Mr. SHERMAN. demand the previous 
question. 
Mr. BUR.NETT. demand tellers on second- 
ing the call for the previous question. 
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. LOVEJOY 
and HELMICK were appointed. 
The question was taken; and the previous ques- 
tion was not seconded, the tellers having reported 
—ayes forty-three; noes not counted. 
N'lr. SHERMAN. I dernand the yeas and 
nays on the tnotion to postpone. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is not the question debatable? 
The SPEAKER tempore. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to debate the question. 
Mr. SICKLES. I take it that the whole merits 
of the question are now open to debate. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 insist that 
only the question of postponement is debatable. 
rl'he Chair will 
The SPEAKER tempore. 
confine the debate to its proper limits. 
DEFENSE OF WASHINGTON. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I rise to make 
I will occupy. only five 
a pt•iviiecred report. 
m 1 2') u ces. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I will yield for the reception 
of the report. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 submit, from 
the special committee of five, the following report 
in part. 
The Clerk rcad, as föllows: 
riNhe sefeet committee of five, appointed by the House 
on the 9th of January, 1851, respectfully submit the töllow- 
int' report in part: 
Dn thc 26th of January, the foilowing resolution was 
refOrred to said comtnittee : 
" Resolved, That' the select committcc of five be in- 
structed to inquire whether any secret organization, hos- 
tile to the Governrnent ot• the United States, exists in the I 
and it' so, whether any official or 
etr;ployé of the city of Washington, or any employés or 
officers of the Federal Government. in the executive or 
jadicial departments, are members thereof." 
'Rhe connnittee entered upon the investigation under a 
deep sense of the i*nportance and the intrinsic difficufty of 
the inquiry. 'To prove the existence of a secret organfrz,a- 
. having for its object the resistance to, and overthrow 
of, the Govennnent, would, in the vcr_y nature of the case, 
a diflieult task, if suet) an organization really existed. I 
the other Ilaud, in a tinke of high exeitetnent. conse- 
queut upon revolutionary cvcnts transpiring all around us, 
the very air fiiled with run)ors, and individuals illduigill" t 
in the rnost extravagant expressions ot• (Wars and threaß, it 
might well be thouÅht difficult to elicit such clear proof 
would enable the committee to pronounce autnorltatively I 
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1861, 
that no such organization existed, and thus eontribute-to 
the quiet of tbc public mind and the peace of tbc country. 
The •committee have pursued 'their labors with a determ-: 
ination, on their part, to ascertain the reat facts, so far as 
possible. And if, sometimes, they hove permitted inquiries 
and adtnitLed testimony not strictly within the rules of evi- 
dence, or within the •scope of the resolution, it: is to be 
attributed to their great anxiety to elicit the real facts; and, 
to remove unfounded apprehensions. 
FL'hc extraordinary ex'citcment existing prior to the late 
presidential e;ection led disaffected persons of high' and 
low positiOn, after the result ofthat election became known, 
to consult together on the question ot' submitting to that 
result, and also upon various modes ot• resistance.. Among 
other modes, resistance to counting the ballots, to the in- 
auguration of Mr. Lincoln, the seizure of the Capitol and 
the- District of Colunlbia; were discussed-informally in tltis 
city and elsewhere. But too much diversity of opinion 
seems to have existed to admit of the adoption of any well- 
organized plan, until some of the States commenced to re- 
duce their theories of secession to practice. Sinee then; 
persons thus disaffected seem to have adopted the idea that 
all resistance to the Government, it' there is to be anv, 
should have at Icast the color of State authority. If the 
purpose was at any time entertained of forming an organ- 
izat.ion, secret or open, to seize the District of Columbia, 
attack the Capitol, or prevent the inauguration of Mr. Lin- 
coln, it seems to have been rendered contingent upon the 
secession of either Maryland, or Virginia, or both, and the 
sanction of one of those States. 
Certain organizations in this District and. in Maryland, 
that prior to the election seem to have been only 'political 
clubs, havc since assurned the character of military organ- 
izations, are now encaged in drilling, and expect to provide 
theniselves with arms—some from the Stato authorities and 
others from private subscriptions. But, so far as the com- 
mittee lvcre ablc to learn their purposes, while they sy:npa- 
tllized strongly with secession, there is no proof that they 
intend to attack either the. Capitol or the District, unless the 
surrender should be demanded by a State to •vvhich they pro- 
fess a higher degree of allegiance. Some of those companies 
in Baltånore profess to be drilling for the soie purpose of pre- 
venting other military companies from passing through the 
State of Maryland. Whethez these representations of the 
purposes of those companies be correct or not, the com- 
mittec have failed to discover any satisfactory evidence 
that they have any purpose whatever, as a mere mob, with- 
out the sanction of State authority, to attack the Capitol, 
or any other public propert.y in this District, or to seize the 
If it should be admitted that -any one of these or- 
District. 
ganizations were bostile to the Governrnent, or entertained 
unlawful purposes, they are in no proper sefise secret; and 
are therefore not such as are contemplated in the resolution 
of the House. 
The eonitnittee are unanimously of the opinion that the 
evidence produced belöre them does not prove the exist- 
enee of a secret organization, here or elsewhere, hostile to 
the Government, that has for its object, upon its own re- 
sponsibility, an attack upon the Capitol, or any of the pub- 
lic property here, or an interruption of any of the functions 
of the Government. 
The committee submit herewith all the testimony taken 
upon the subject, and ask that the same, and this report, be 
printed, and that the cmnmittee be discharged from the fur- 
ther consideration of the subject. 
Mr. BRANCH. I present the following report 
It is brief. I wilL read it 
as a minority report. 
It is as follows: 
myself. 
Mr. BRANc11, a member of the special committee of five, 
raised on the 9th January, by leave, presents his views„as 
töilovvs.• 
That he concurs entirely with the majority of the com- 
mittec, that the testimony adduced before the committee 
does not cstabiish the existence of a conspiracy, or counbin- 
ation, or a purpose on the part of any persons, to seize, the 
public property in the •District of Colurnbia, or to interfere 
with the regular operations of the Govermncnt. 
He, thinks it has been (notwithstanding the 
difficulty of provin a negative) that no such conspiracy 
does exist, cither ili this District or elsewhere. 
It appearing from the testijnony of Lieutenant Gcneral 
Scot.t, taken before the committee, that seven companies 
of artillery and one company of sappers and miners, of the, 
regular Army, have been ordered to, and are quartered in, 
this city, in close vicinity to thc Capitol, under the mis- 
taken belief that the public property in the District was or 
would be in danger; and the conunittee being unanimously 
of the opinion that no combination, or conspiracy, or pur- 
posc hostile to the Government or its property exi*ts, 
t.he 
undersigned recommends thc passage of the res- 
L. OB. BRANCH. 
olution. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 move that the i 
report and accompanying evidence be printed. 
Mr. BRANCH. Let my resolution be read. 
The Clerk read, as fallows: 
Resolved, Thot the quartering o? troops of the regular 
Artny fu this District and around the Capitol, when not ne- 
cessary for their protection from a hostile enemy, and dur- 
ing the session of Congress, ünpoiitic and ofiOnsive, and, 
it' permitted, rnay• be destructive of civil iiherty ; and, in the 
opinion of' this [louse, the t•cculnr troops now in this eity 
ought to be forthwith removed tl:ereff0R1. 
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the previous ques- 
tion on that resolution. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. 1 hope the gen- 
NEW 
tleman will withdraw his demandfor the previous 
question for a moment. 
BRANCH. 1 
Mr. •HOWARD, of Michigan. I'Si1pposedthai 
the report i had the honor to 
I -kia+e, 
mous, so far aB it' goes. 
given my assent to anymembef cif•the 
to Present the'views Of la minority,- on any Subject 
we have acted on. I am not aware that the.com•'-n 
mitt'eO" had 'the subject" Of this resolution before 
them. At an eventd, they.had no opportunityto 
vote on it. Nov do •I' understand. how.there can 
be a minority report-before the House. I do not 
object to it; but I deem it due to the committeet& 
say, that they have never been called to vote oheæ•' 
way or the other on this•resölution. 
Mr. BRANCH. In. reply to •the honorable 
chairman of the committee, 1 will say, that Irk.lid 
not present the resolution as the vicws of the corn'* 
mittee.' I present it as a minority •resolution;," I 
know the fact that the committee have not voted 
on the resolution. I entertain the hope; however, 
that tlae members of the committee'will vote -foi• 
it in the House. The honorable chairman of the 
committee mistook me very much, if he'supposed 
that I presented the resolution as recommended 
by a majority of the committee. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Letmeexplain 
what I did m can. Unless the resolution camo- 
here as a thing acted Oh by the corrirhittee, it could 
not now be before this House, exéépt • 
mous consent. The simple question i', whether. my 
friend from Notth Carolina offers 'tbis.ieso•ltatiöff 
as a member of the House, or as •something that 
has received the action of the committee, and 
therefore privileged', like the report. 
Thé SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolu tiÖri 
vvas received, no objection being made. Objec-• 
tion would have kept it out. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Ifithad been 
stated that any membtr desired to submit a-minor- 
ity report, the good understanding and good 
incr of the committee would not have denied that 
privilege. Therefore, I was unwilling to object; 
but I do not think it properly here at this tim•e, at 
least so far as the resolution is concerned. It 
ought to be introduced upon the gentleman's own 
motion, as a member of the House; and then it 
will be subject to objection. 
Mr. DA WES obtained the floor, and said: 
Does the Chair decide that the resolution is now 
before the House? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair in- 
timated to the gentleman from Mic.higanüat the 
minority report was:not in order, and could n:ot 
have been received e*cept by general cöosent; 
that the resolution accompanying that rep.0!t$; 
part and parcel of it, would have been rejected; 
and the Chair would have ruled it out of order if 
It is now re- 
any gentleman had objected to it. 
ccivcd; and, in the opinion of the Chair, is now 
before the House. 
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. How could 
we havo known what it was until it was 'read? 
It was read as 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. 
part and parcel of the report. 
Mr. BRANCH. Let it not be forgotten that 
I am still upon the floor. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of Carolina. 1 object to 
debate unless it is in order. The previous ques- 
tion has bccn called. 
Mr. BRANCH. I hope that no gentleman will 
object to my stating, in response to what has 
faflen from the gentleman from Michigan, that, 
through all the deliberations of the committee, 
charged, as it is, with as important a subject as. 
was ever referred by this House to any commit- 
tee, there has been the utmost courtesy and kind- 
ness of feeling among all the members pets'ona-uy. 
And I will say farther, so far as this investigation 
is concerned, I am proud to say, that every-mem= 
ber of the committee has exhibited the- utmost 
candor and fairness; and that there has been man- 
ifested no desire upon the part ofany one to sup- 
press the truth x or to. make that appear to be true 
which was nct clearly so. take pleasure in 
making that declaratinq 
