914 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 14, 
I have already called the previous question, and 
I believe the Speaker understood it. 
The SPEAKER pi•ö tempore. The gentleman 
from Massachusetts was upon the floor, and, ac- 
quiescing in the remarks of the gentleman from 
NOrth Carolina, the Chair did not interrupt him. 
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Speaker decido that 
I have not the floor? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion 
of the Chair, the gentleman from North Carolina 
had relinquished the floor. 
Mr. BRANCH. Does 
th*t- I- Called the -previous question ? 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair does 
not. 
Mr. BRANCH. I called the previous question 
most distinctly; ahd I mypeal to every member of 
the House to su ort that assertion. 
The SPEAKÆÅ pro tempore. The gentleman 
from North Carolina did demand the previous 
question; but, at the suggestion of the gentleman 
from Michigan, the Chair understood him ex- 
pressly to withdraw it. 
Mr. BRANCH. 1 yielded the only upon 
condition that I did not lose my privilege of in- 
sisting upon the previous question, and so I dis- 
tinctly stated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That did not 
reach the ear of the Speaker. 
Mr. DAWES. Have the floor? 
The SPEAKER pr.o tempore. The gentleman 
is reco nized. 
Mf.%RANCH. 1 ask the Speaker if he does 
not understand that i. have called the previous 
questiön ? 
Mr. DAWES. Cannot I be protected in my 
possession of the floor ? 
Mr. BRANCH. Does the Speaker understand 
that the revious question has becn called? 
The SBEAKER pro tempore. 
In the opinion 
of the Chair, the gentleman from North Carolina 
withdrew the demand for the previous question; 
but if the gentleman insists that he desires or in- 
tends to renew it, an opportunity will be pre- 
sented to renew it. The gentleman from Massa- 
chusetts is now upon the -floor. 
Mr. BRANCH. I not Ol•rly did not intend to I 
give up my privilege, but [ never intended to 
withdraw the previous question, consented that 
the gentleman from Michigan, so far as i was 
concerned, might submit. any remarks he desired; 
but i never the previous question. 
The SPEAKER tonpore. The gentleman 
from North Carolina unquestionably withdrew 
the demand for the previous question at the sug- 
gestionofthegcntleman from Michigan. The gen- 
tleman will have an opportunity to present again 
the demaild for the pi•cvious question; but at this 
time the gentleman from Massachusetts is upon 
the floor. 
I desire to know, then, 
Mr. BRANCH. 
whether the previous question is not pending 
upon the resolution? 
The The Chair thinks 
not. 
Mr. BRANCH. Then, suppose the Chair 
differs with me upon a matter of fact; and upon 
a matter of fact there is no appeal. But I do ap- 
peal to every mcn'lber whether I am not correct. 
The SPEAKER pro tmnpo•r-e. Thc gen tlernan 
from Massachusetts will proceed. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 have to request 
the gentleman from Massachusetts 
Mr. DAWES. Why am 1 not permitted to 
proceed ? 
Mr. .TÖHN COCHRANE. Will the 
man yield me a moment? 
Mr. DAWES. In a fevv' minutes. The gen- 
tleman from North Carolina assures the House 
that the utmost harmony, good fealing, and good 
understanding, have prevailed in the eommittae 
from the beginning to the end of the investigation. 
Clerk's desk; either that which purports to- be a 
minority report or the resolution which the gen- 
tleman has appended to his minority report. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 wish to ask a ques- 
tion just here. 
Mr. DAWES. Not now. It is through much 
tribulation that I got the floor, and if I can retain 
it I will. The gentleman from North Carolina 
rises in his seat, and, without the slightest inti- 
mation to any of his colleagues upon the com- 
mittee, so far as I know, commences reading a 
minority report, after having induced the other 
members of the committee, in their desire to have 
an unanimous report, to yield as far as they could, 
impressions whidh the evidence made upon their 
minds. He closed his minority report with a res- 
olution—the first intimation any other member of 
the committee had of tho existence of the resolu- 
tion. It is then too late for anybody to object 
to its introduction. He followed that up wiih a 
call for the previous question, thereby cutting off 
every member of the committee froxn expressin• 
his views upon that minority report, or upon the 
resolution. And this is offered by the gentlenmn, 
after having confessed to the House that there 
has been the utmost harmony and good feeling in 
that committee from the beginning to the end. I 
must confess, Mr. Speaker, that I hardly ex- 
pected, when I yielded—as my friend from North 
Carolina knows I did—the strong impressions 
made upon my mind by the testimony produced 
before . the committee, from my desire, in which 
thought I was met fully bv the gentleman from 
North Carolina, to have a unanimous report from 
the committee, that he would introduce such a•• 
resolution . 
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to respond to the gen- 
tleman in reference to this personal matter, but I 
will interrupt him only at such point as is agree- 
able to himself. I claim the right to interrupt 
him, but hc may select his own time. 
Mr. DIHVES. The gentleman from North Car- 
olina, it seems to me, fhi[ed to understand the po- 
sit,iorl of the other members of the committee when 
I he states, in what now purports to be a minority 
report, that ib is proved, according to the unani- 
Inous opinion of that committee, that no such 
conspiracy existed. On tho contrary, the unan- 
imous conclusion to which the committee came 
was, that it was not proved that any such con- 
spiracy existed. It was a Scotch verdict, and 
nothing more, which the comtnittee came to the 
unanimous conclusion to render in this case, 
Under these circumstances, the gentleman from 
North Carolina has fblt it his duty, I have no 
doubt, to introduce a resolution that these troops 
should be removed -frotn the Districtof Columbia. 
In my opinion, sir, the reason that we have not 
been able •to prove the existence of such a con- 
spiracy here, is because of the very presence of 
setts has alluded to me personally; and under the 
rules, I have a right to make a personal expla- 
nation in reply to him. 
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that 
no member of the committee had ever seen this 
I have. already 
resolution beforc presented it. 
stated that I did not offer this resolution as being 
approved or sanctioned by any member of the 
committee but myself. My name, and my name 
alone, is signed to the report that precedcd the 
resolution. But I desire to ask the gentleman 
from Massachusetts a question. Did I not, in 
the committee, in open session, this day, say to 
the committee that' I desired to present a resolu- 
tion reqtésting the President to remove the troops 
from this District; but that 1 knew I stood alone 
I in the Committee in that regard, and that it was 
useless to present it- to the committee, because it 
xxvould be voted down; and I would ask him fur- 
ther, whether he himself was not the first gentle- 
man to speak out and say Ihat it was useless? I 
I desire the gentleman from Massachusetts to 
respond to that question. 
Mr. DAWES. Most certainly; and that is the 
reason why I supposed that the resolution would 
never be heard of in the shape of a minority 
report. 
Mr. BRANCH. Then the gentleman from 
Massachusetts has admitted the whole ground 
on which my vindication rests from the charge 
brought against me of a Nant of courtesy. 
Mr. DÄYVES. Is this question debatable? 
What•has become of my motion to lay the reso- 
lution upon the table? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman 
from Massachusetts suggests that he has made a 
motion to lay this resolution upon the table. The 
gentleman from North Carolina desired to make 
a personal explanation as a matter of courtesy. 
Mr. BRANCH. Not as a matter of courtesy, 
but under the rules of the House. 
DAWES. 1 do not object to the gentle- 
man's explanation. I only wanted to know what 
had become of my motion. 
The SPEAKER The Chair will 
say to tho gentleman from North Carolina, if he 
will suspend fora momcnt., that no objection hav- 
inff been made to the exercise of the right which 
he claims, but which the Chair regards as a mere 
matter of courtesy, the gentleman proceeded, and 
the Chair feels it 'his duty novv to permit the gen- 
tleman to proceed further. 
Mr. DAWES. have no objection to the gen- 
tieman's remarks. I only want to know what 
becomes of rny motion? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. 
It wiil come up 
at the proper time when the geutleman from 
North Carolina has ended his explanation. 
Mr. BRANCH. It is very singular, indeed 
that after the gentleman from Massachusetts has 
these troops in the District of Columbia, which charged me with want of courtesy in presentinø 
prevented that conspiracy from ripening into fru- l' the resolution, and then calling the previous ques- 
II tion so as to prevent debate, he should rise here 
Ition. Sir, the presence of those troops herc has 
enabled this cormnittee to present to-the House now, and after such remarks as he has made in 
i this report, that that which, to my mind, it is per- 
regard to myself personally, should make a mo- 
fec!.ly clear was at one time contemplated, and tion which would cut off further debate, and pre- 
proceeded to some extent in its formation, vv'as It vent me replying. 
nipped in the, bud and stifled by the presence of The gentleman frorn Massachusetts is mistaken 
these txoops in this city. The gentleman from if he supposes that I have claimed or desired that 
North Carolina could not have obtained, I think, 
the House should understand t bat this resolution 
from any member of the committee, a sanction of I met the approbation of any other member of the 
the minority report whic.h he has presented. 
committee than myself. 
I present it in behalf of 
As I said before, in the desire to produce a , myself. The report is signed by myself alone, 
unanimous report, we yielded much, and omitted il and was consented to by no other member at all. 
to point out wherein the evidence showed that at T hc gentleman says that when the report of the 
'k one time there did exist, in the minds of verv chairman was read to the committee, it '*Vas 
many disturbed and restless men in and abou"t understood to be unanimous. It was so under- 
District, in the borders of I'v:laryland and Vir- stood. 1 expressly stated in the report accom- 
ginia, an intention, if certain events transpired, 
panyinT my resolution, that I entirely concurred 
according to what chev believed was the tendency in everything contained in the report of the ma- 
I of things, to march upon this capital and seize jority of the cornmittee, and 1 informed the com- 
the archives. 
I do not belicvc that there does mittee this morning—the gentlenemn from Massa- 
I want now to state to the House that when this I exist, now, any such conspiracy in the minds of chusetts being present and hearing• everything 
men round about us here; but it is because it has 
majority report was presented to the committee, 
that occurred—that I concurred in ali the com- 
it was unanimously agreed to, and each member become too apparent to nocn that discretion is the mittee had (lone, and only objected to the report 
of the committee, in an anxious desire to have a better part of valor; because events over which I because it did not go far enough; and the•gentle- 
unanimous report, yielded much of his ov.rn im- I they had no control have crushed it out. I move 
man from Massachusetts used in response to me 
pressions and inclinations in reference to the tes- to lay tl'le resolution of the gentleman from North the very illustration which he has used here to-day 
timony submitted to them. A unanimous report, li Carolina upon the table. 
in reference to tho Scotch verdict. 
in the languaoe submitted by the chairman of the M t. BRANCH. I demand the privilege of a Now, I submit to the House whether, under all 
committee, was agreed upon this morning in the personal reply to the gentleman from Massachu- the circumstances, confiÆsed and admitted by the 
setts—a personal explanation. 
committee. No member of t.he committee, I ven- 
I have a right to i! gentleman from Massachusetts, it does not come 
The rules of the I-louse givc 
ture to say, e vor heard of the papers which the it under the rules. 
with ill grace from him to rise here and charge me 
gentlcman from North Carolina read from the me the right. 'I'he gentleman from Massachu- with want of courtesy to any of the members of the 
