1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
915 
com mittee? I have already stated that, through- 
out the whole deliberations of the comrnittee, the 
utmost frankness and candor and the utmost kind- 
liness of feeling have prevailed among the mem- 
bers. 
I have taken no advantage of them in any 
way, and they have taken no advantage of me. 
I would not, if I could, take advantagc {o foist on 
them anything that they did not approve. I con- 
curred in theii• report from an earnest desire that 
the report should be unanimous. I concurred in 
it with a statement, at the time, that it did not go 
as far as I desired it to go, and that I de- 
sire to have & resolution passed requesting the 
President to remove the Federal troops from the 
District of Columbia. The gentleman has ad- 
mitted that. 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from North 
Carolina has done just t.his: he has, by the course 
he has taken, unknown to the rest of the com- 
mittee, succeeded in getting a resolution before 
the House that it would not have been in order 
for him to have got before the House under the 
action of the committee. 
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, 1 do not think 
that, in any instance, since I have been a member 
of Congress, the privilege has bcen dcnicd to a 
member of the minority of a committee to pre- 
sent his views; and in four such instances out of 
five, they have been •accompanied by a resolu- 
tion, or by a bill; and I have never heard that a 
resolution or a bill thus brought before the House 
was out of order, or was not- legitimately before 
the House. At any rate, if it was not m order, 
I read the report aloud from the Clerk's desk, and 
the Clerk read the resolution by which it was 
accompanied. I offered it in good faith, and 
pressed it under the belief that it wag in order, 
and that it was proper to pass it; and neither the 
gentleman from Massach usetts, nor any other 
gentleman, made a point of order, nor objected to 
Its reception. When I called the previous ques- 
tion, I did so not from a desire to prevent any 
member of the committee from expressing his 
I said not a word, myself, of debate. 
Views. 
Instantly the chairman of the committee rose in 
his place, and desired to make a remark. I gave 
way to him, and, as the result has shown, I lost 
1 have 
the motion which I had made. 
paid the penalty of my courtesy to the members 
of the committee; and the gentleman from Mas- 
sachusetts, who has made all this complaint of 
me, has also taken advantage of my courtesy, and 
moved to, lay the resolution on the table, after the 
Chair had stated that I should have an opportu- 
nity of calling the previous question. 
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from North 
Carolina did not, I dare say, hear my remark to 
him, that I did not desire to cut off any remarks 
he might wish to make, provided I could hold the 
floor, and move to lay the resolution on the table, 
I was perfectly willing, 
as I had already done. 
on those terms, to hear thc gentleman from North 
Carolina. 
SVhile I am on the floor, I want to ask the gen- 
It is 
tleman from North Carolina one question. 
this: by what sort of process is it that he has 
been enabled to produce a minority report oub of 
a unanimous report? 
Mr. BRANCH. I did not hear the gentleman 
from Massachusctts. 
Mr. DAWES. want to ask the gentleman 
by what sort of process it is that he has been 
enabled to manufacture a minority report out of 
a unanimous report? We have a unanimous re- 
I understand, therefore, 
port of the committee. 
that the committee affree to the report from the 
beginning to the end of it, and to all portions of 
it. The gentleman says that he agreed to the 
If so, then there is 
report, with the rest of us. 
no rninority report at all. There was no impres- 
Sion left on the mind of any of the committee to 
enable them to suspect the existence ofa minor- 
ity report. Yet, under these circumstances, it is 
that the gentleman thinks he has fairly, and with 
courtesy to the committee, produced a minority 
report here. 
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Massa- 
chusetts asks me how I un able to manufacture 
a minority report out of a unanimous report. 
The report which I have filed, and which has 
been read to the House—as the gentleman would 
well know If he had listened to it—sets out by 
stating that I-concur in all that tho conunittee has 
the only ol)jeetion 
stated in the majority report; 
I have to the report being that it did not go far I 
enough; and I then go on and state in what I 
think the committee should have gone furthéf. 
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman agrees with 
the majority report in all its parts, he then agrees 
that it shall stop with the resolution reported by 
the committee. 
Mr. BRANCH. It is very obvious to the 
House how a minority report can be based on 
such a report. The committee unanimously agree 
upon facts, but they refuse to adopt what I conceive 
to be a proper sequence from those facts. They 
acrree that no conspiracy exists, or, at least, that 
none has been proved. I state in the minority 
report that I concur with them in this; .tliat no 
conspiracy has been proved, and that it is clear. 
no conspiracy does exist. 
I then go on to say, 
as a natural consequence of those facts, in regard 
to which the committee are unanimous, that the 
troops that were brought here in consequence of 
the belief that there was a conspiracy ought to 
I think theie can 
be removed from this District. 
be no diffculty, on the part of members of the 
Elouse, in seeing how I could concur in all that 
was contained in the report, and still •o further. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 rise •to a question of order. 
I do not wish to interpose, so long as any mem- 
bor has' anything personal to explain, but I merely 
yielded to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. 
HOWARD] to present his report. 
If the remarks 
of the gentleman from North Carolina are to be 
considered as a. discussion of this report, then it 
seems to me they cover ground for which did 
not yield. 
Mr. BRANCH. There is one other point of a 
personal character, which I wish to refer to, and 
tbcn I Nevill yield to thc gentleman from Illinois. 
The SPEAKER The Chair 
wishes to suøgest to the gentleman from Illinois, 
that after the motion was made by the gentleman 
from Massachusetts to lay this resolution on the 
table, the Chair deemed it proper to permit the 
remarks of gentleman, which were of a personal 
character, somewhat. The Chair designed, and 
yet designs, to confine this debate between the gen- 
Lleman from Massachusetts [Mr. DAWES] and the 
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. BRANCH', 
and when its personal character shall be dispose 
of, the Chair wiil put the motion to lay on the table. 
Mr. BRANCH. The only of 
a personal character which I desire to make is, as 
to a statement made by the gentleman from Massa- 
chusctts, which I did not hear, and which has just 
been brought to my attention. The gentleman 
has stated, as I am informed, that members of 
the committee yielded somewllat their individual 
opinions, in order that the report might be unan- 
imous. In regard to that, I will state that I never 
saw the majority report till after it was written. 
had no confercnce or consultation in which I 
participated, as to what would be the character 
I neither suggested any alteration 
of thc report. 
in the report, nor was any made in it to suit my 
I now yield to the gentleman from New 
views. 
York. 
Mr. DAWES. 1 will state to the gentleman 
from North Carolina what I meant to say. 
The SPEAKER pro tenvporc. Does the gentle- 
man from N'lassachusetts withdraw the motion to 
lav on the table? 
•Mr. DASVES. No, sir. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then ques- 
tion is not debatable. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 claim the atten- 
tion of the Chair. 
Mr. DÆHIVES. I will stale that the gentleman 
from New York is a member of the committee: 
and if he will either rehew my motion, or let 
do so, I will withdraw it for thc prcssnt. 
The SPEAKER tempore. Does the gentle- 
*nan withdraw his motion ? 
Mr. DAWES. Yes, on condition that the gen- 
tleman will renew it. 
Mr. BURNETT. 
ment as that. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman 
withdraws his motion to lay on the table, the Chair 
will recognize any gentleman who may address 
it. Does the gentletnan withdraw his motion? 
Mr. DAWES. Not except on condition that 
the gentleman from New York will renew it. 
MY. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 presume 1 have 
I the liberty at Ioast of pronouncing an opinion to 
the Chair on the point raised. 
The SPEARÉR 
from New -York must be aware; thåt' 'iVLis out Of4 
order to discu•sS this questiop Whilé thiefeis an,hö- 
tion pending to lay the resolutiöh„ -table. 
His remarks can certainly have nö relations 
personal character, -as his name has not'Sbeen 
mentioned in the debate. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. to cor- 
rect the opinion just announced by the Chåii•;' for, 
when a discussion proceeds on a report'. Umänat• 
ing from a committee as I unanimoUs, and :wheht 
the fact as to .whether it is unanimous is 
discussed, and •as to whCtIier• there cans-be at dii- 
nority report before the Hou3e, there can- benoth-- 
incr, -In. my estimation, more of a personal 
actér thai'i the 'question Whigh allude's td every 
membef Of the Committee. 
The SPEAKER pro The Chair is 
sorry that it cannot concur in? opinion:with -the 
gentleman from New York. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE-. Not so 
the member on the floor is. 
The SPEAKER Does the gentle- 
man, from Massaphusetts withdraw the. motion to 
lay on the table? 
Mr. DAWES. No, Sir. 
Mr. BURNETT. .1- ask for the.y.cas and nays 
on the motion to lay On the.tåblé. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. r ask House 
for indulgence to make a remark. 
The SPEAKER tempore. 
Is there any 
objection ? 
Mr. CRAIGE,0f North Carolina. -l'öbjectto 
any violation of the rules. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE.. 1 have a right to 
the floor. It was yielded to me. by thé,gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair must 
inform the gentleman from 'New York that the 
motion to lay the ,resolution on the table is not 
debatable. 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Cåiolina. rihsist2thät 
the gentleman from Néw York is out of order, 
and that tho rules Shail be enforced. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Why, sir, 1 was 
assigned the floor unconditionally. 
The SPEAKER' pro tempore. 
Is' there any 
oi2iection to the gentleman from New York Pfo- 
ceeding ? 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Yes, sir; 
I insist that the rules be enfoi•ced. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 rise to a ques- 
tioh of order. The kenlleman from North Car- 
olina [Mr. BRANcu] yieldéd the floor to me; and 
I submit that itis not within the province of any 
gentleman to t&ke the floor from me. The gen- 
tleman from North Carolina yielded to me uncon- 
ditionally, and thc floor was awarded to me' with- 
out objection. 
The SPEAKER tempore. The Chair 
rules the question of order made by the gentle- 
man. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 appeal from the 
decision of the Chair. 
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman from New 
York does not understand the facts. The gentle- 
man from North Carolina spoke but of order by 
the courtesy of- the House, and could not, there- 
fore, yield the floor to the gentleman. 
Mr. BRANCH. I will say, that the gentleman 
from Massachusetts only got the opportunity of 
making the motion to lay the resolution on the- 
table by my extending the courtesy of withdraw- 
ing temporarily the demand for the previous -ques- 
tion, to enable the chairman of the committee to 
make an explanation; ind I now ask the gentle- 
Ilian from Massuchusetts whethec he will prevent 
another member of the commi!tee from making 
an explanation which he desires to make, by in- 
sisting upon the motion to lay on the table? 
Mr. DAWES. In reply to the gentleman from 
North Carolina, I will say that I have distinctly, 
half a dozen times, offered to give the gentleman 
from New York the opportunity of explanation, 
by withdrawing the motion to lay on the gable, 
if he would promise to renew the motion. But 
have experienced sorne diffculty in getting e the 
floor; and that difficulty warns me to hold on to 
the motion I have made, unless I can have that 
assurance. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle- 
man from Massachusetts allow me to interrupt 
him for a moment? 
The SPEAKER tempore. Does the gentle. 
