1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating esti- 
mates of appropriations foe' the 'compensation of 
a superintendent of Indian affairs and three Indian 
agents in Washington Territory. 
GEORGE 11. GIDDINGS. 
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the House 
•joint resolution in behalf of George H. Giddings; 
that x.vas up the other day. I want to try that 
once more. 
Mr. FITCH. Is it the special order for the 
morning hour that the Senat(V calls up ? 
Mr. WADE. It is. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 wish the Senator would yield 
for a moment to allow us to take up a resolution 
to print a document. 
Mr. WADE. If 1 do not lose my place by 
yielding themfloor for that purpose, I am willing 
to do so. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
from Ohio yield to the Senator from Indiana? 
Mr. FITCH. I move to take up the resolution 
for printing the agricultural report of the Patent 
Offce. The Senator from Mainc [Mr. FESSEN- 
DEN] may have an amendment to propose; but it 
will be adopted immediately. 
Mr. WADE. have the and 1 am afraid 
that if I yield it, I shall not get It again. 
The motion of Mr. WADE was agreed to—ayes 
twenty-four; noes not counted. 
The consideration of tbe joint resolution (H. 
R. No. 62) for the benefit ofGeorge H. Giddings 
•was resumed by the Senate, acting as in Com- 
mittee of the Whole. 
The Committee on the Post Offce and Post 
Roads reported the joint resolution with amend- 
ments. 
Tlihe first amendment was in line seven, to strike 
out the words " this time," and insert " Junc 30, 
1861." 
Mr. POLK. I should like thc resolution read 
as it will be, if amended. 
The Secretary read, as follows: 
'Ithat George, H. Giddings be paid for services on route 
8076, in accordance with the order ot' Postmaster General 
A. V. Brown, ot• October 23, 1858, after deducting what- 
ever has- been received thereon up to June 30, 1861. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment of the committee was in 
line nine, to strike out the words " service has," 
so that it will read: 
' trips have;" 
and insert ' 
On proof being furnished that thc trips have been per- 
formcd, 
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate 
as amended. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is a report, 1 
should like to hear it read. 
Mr. WADE. Mr. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from 
Ohio will excuse the Chair. The Chair must call I 
up the special order at this hour; which is the 
ioint resolution authorizing Commodore Hiram 
'Paulding to receive a sword and a grant of land 
from Repubfic of Nicaragua. 
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone the special 
order, and continue the consideration of this joint I 
resolution. 
T hc question being put, there were, on a divis- 
ion—ayes 18, noes 15. 
Mr.- GRIMES. There is evidently a misunder- 
I call for the 
standing in regard to this matter. 
yeas and nays. I understand thatthe resolution in 
regard to Commodore Paulding was made the spe- 
Cial order for half past twelve o 'clock to-day. This 
proposition is to suspend that order, and take up 
this bill for the benefit of Mr. Giddings. 
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 22; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrg. Anthony, Bigler, Chandler, Clingman, 
Douglas. Green, Hale, Ilemphill, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, 
Morrill, 'Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sirn- 
mons, 'l'hoanson, Trumbull, Wade, Wigfalf, Wilkinson, 
and Wilson—23. 
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bingham, Bragg, Cameron, 
Clark, Collanler, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkce, Fessenden, 
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Johnson of Tennes- 
see, Kino, Mason, Pearce, Seward, Sumner, and Ten 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint 
tion has been reported to the Senate, I,vit.h amend- 
ments. 
The amendments were concurred in. 
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest that there wore 
fears expressed yesterday that a very large sum 
was to be taken out of the Treasury by this joint i 
resolution; and therefore, I move to amend it by 
fixing the following qualification to the amount, 
to come in at the end of the resolution: 
Not e.xeceding in amount six months' mail pay, accord- 
ing to the said order. 
Mr. GREEN. I move to amend that amend- 
ment So as to say, " the amount provided for by 
the contract." Whatever the contract was, if the 
service was performed according to the contract, 
it should be paid for according to the contract. 
Mr. HALE. I want to say t04hé Senator from 
Missouri, -if L can get his ear, that I am friendly 
I think they have been •very 
t.o these contractors. 
badly used, and that they are entitled to relief; 
but they do not ask as much relief as the Senator 
from Missouri proposes to give them, because 
they do not ask anything for that western part of 
the line that was discontinued. They only ask 
for that part of the line that is on this side— 
Mr. GREEN. Let me interrupt •the Senator. 
If the parties are willing to take what he proposcs, 
I, of course, withdraw my amendment. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator 
from Missouri withdraw bis amendment? 
MF. GREEN. If the Senator says the parties 
are willing to take what he proposes, I do. 
M-r. HALE. They agree to the modification 
i have suggested; they ask nothing for the west- 
ern part of the route. 
Mr. KING, desire to know of the Senator 
from New Hampshire whether the service which 
these parties rendered was of their own volition, 
and against the order of the Postmaster General, 
or whether it was-rendered at his request? 
IVI?. HALE. I thought i made it tolerably 
plain the other day. 
Mr. KING. You might have done so; but how 
was it? 
Mr. HALE. There was a contract made for 
a mail running across the entire continent, from 
the Atlantic to the Pacific. Subseqüently, a por- 
tion of the route was discontinued. 
Mr. KING. According to law? 
Mr. HALE. Grant, if you please, that it was 
according to law. I have not a word to say about 
that. Then they entered into a new contract with 
Governor Brown, who was Postm.astet• General, 
discontinuing the central part of their route, leav- 
incr to them a part at each end to perform. They 
entered into a new contract in which no such 
reservation as the Senator from New York seems 
to have ill view was made, and they supposed 
and understood that the reservation of the Post- 
master to curtail and diminish and alter their 
contract had been finished; and in the new con- 
tract there was no such qualification inserted; 
but subsequently to that, I think after Govemor 
Brown went out of office, and Congress failed to 
make an appropriation, a new Postmastcr Gen- 
eral came in, and he disturbed the subsequent 
arrangement made by Governor Brown. I'hcn 
it was that the inhabitants upon the route, the 
cotnmanding general of the army in Texas, and 
everybody interested in it, made such represent- 
ations that they went on performing the modified 
contract that was made after the first interruption 
It is for that service tl')at 
by Governor Browm 
this joint resolution proposes to pay them. 
Mr. COLLAMER. inquire whether the 
piece that was taken out was the middle piece 
between El Paso and Fort Yuma? 
Mr. HALE. It was. 
Mr. COLLAMER. the service per- 
formed on the piece between Fort Yuma and San 
Diego ? 
Mr. HALE. 'That service was performed at 
first, but afterwards it was entirely discontinued, 
and this resolution does not propose to give them 
a cent for that. 
Mr. COLLAMER. This, then, is for that 
piece from San Antonio to El Paso. 
Mr. HALE. Filhat piece; and it ought to be 
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to ask the Senator 
from New Hampshire what will be the amount 
to be paid to these parties according to his pro- 
posed amendment? He says six months' pay. I 
suppose the Senator is familiar with what the pay 
was. 
Mr. HALE. I cannot state; but I understand 
it will beöomewhercabout sixty thousand dollars. 
Mr. BRAGG. I think we had better have that 
specific. The report made by the committee esti- 
mates that the pay will be in accordance with the 
last contract; which' the Séna'tor- 
made ith these parties; w.biche.wäsæonp 
andi fifty•nine thousandand- gome hn•ndted dollars 
a ear. 
hr. HALE. Iam willing tcput in amamend• 
ment, limiting the amount. 
Mr. BRAGG. I. understand the, 
amended *proposes to give •them this pay..upto 
June, 18Gl. 
Mr. HALE. I do not.undetstand%that be 
the resolution, 
Mr. COLLAMER. We have so amended it. 
Mr. BRAGG. i should like to have lheamount 
made specific; .because we often pass bills.appro- 
priating more than we supposed at the time, as it 
turns out afterwards. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. There is a very wide dif- 
ference - between the r:epört and the joint -resolu- 
tion. I have nob read. through allthe report, but 
it appears to be -very goes- on •to 
discuss the law on the -subjeet,of damages-for. the 
violation of conträcts, by cutting up thelihe here, 
and cutting it up there, and thqenu,mbetofihorses 
that wore 'lost, and the. stations t tbat: de- 
stroyed, &c.; but this joint resolution isfor the 
service actually performed ; it is notfor any ofthose 
damages. The report and the joint resolutiou,) do 
not agree. The report has nothing todo- with t'h*e 
resolution. The joint resolution -is-for service 
actually performed, for trips actually run. Per- 
haps it would be more specific •if it said the 
number of trips performed on that portion of-the 
route which lies between El Paso and San .An- 
tonio." 'Ihat is all that is claimed; and perhaps 
it had better be amended in that way. 
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator. from Texas 
allow me to inquire of him if he can tell what was 
performed, and what is the amount.- of: service to 
be paid for ? 
Mr. HEMPHILL. The 
be paid for is weekly trips for some months—Tdo 
not know the number of months—between El Paso 
and San Antonio. The whole • route extended 
from San Antonio to San Diego, on. the Pacific, 
at first. During the administration of Governor 
Brown, all that portion of the route which lies 
between El Paso and Fort Yuma was Out off by 
him. That left the line then with a small portion, 
two hundred miles on the end from Fort Yuma 
to San Diego, and about eight hun,dred miles 
the cast from El Paso to San Antonio, with five 
or six hundred mites between these two : ends. 
When Mr. Holt came in, he cut off the: end from 
Fort Yuma to San Diego, leaving only that por- 
tion of the line which existed between San Anto- 
nio and El Paso. He afterwards cut down two 
or three hundred miles of that, so as to leave only 
now in existence that portion of the line which 
extends from San Antonio to Comanche Spring. 
All that is asked, is for the trips performed be- 
tween San Antonio and ELPaso, and nommore. 
The line was a weekly line, and Mr. Holt cut it 
down to a semi-monthly. 
Mr. CLARK. I' did not inquire the extent of 
the route. I want to know what extent Of ser- 
vice they performed, and what is, the sum, in dol- 
lars and cents, that we shall have to pay? 
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Texas will 
yield to me, I will. modify my amendmentin this 
way: 
Not exceeding in amount $70,000. 
I say that, because I am authorized to say it. 
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend that by 
sa ing $40,000. 
Ilr. HALE. You do not know anything about 
it. [Laughter.] 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question was 
upon the amendment of the Senator from New 
Hampshire, which he proposes to modify, so as 
to read: not exceeding in amount $70,000. The 
Senator from Pennsylvania proposes to amend 
the amendment by substituting $40,000. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 did not Intend to trouble 
the Scnate with any remarks in reference to this 
matter, because I supposed, after the report- was 
read, which was asked to printed ten days or 
t.xvo weeks ago, and after thé explanationsvhich 
have been made so frequently on the floor, that 
the Senate understood it. Many. of. them, L per- 
ceive, are troubled with the diseaseof-" not listen- 
but, as I have not spoken upon this subject, 
of course i have no complaints to make. 
The facts are briefly these: some yea*s ago 
these contractors undertook to •make the- experi- 
