920 
',ment of carrying a mail, overland to California. 
They did carry it from New-Orleans to San Diego 
—I do not rnean the water portion of the route; but 
they carried it from San Antonio to San Diego. 
Then the Postmaster General, after the Butterfield 
route was adopted, cut them off from Fort Yuma 
to El Paso, leavinga portion of their stock between 
Fort Yuma and San Diego, and a portion of their 
stock between El Paso and San Antonio, and cut- 
ting them out of the intermediate portion. These 
men had gone as pioneers; they had built their 
.owmstables, and they had paid for their stock at 
their stables; they had employed at extravagant 
prices men to carry the mail, and take the hazard 
of being killed by Indians; they had undertaken 
all this; they had been pioneers, and they had 
carried -that rnäil faithfully. They were obliged 
line was inter- 
pay for a guard. When their 
rupted, I Say, because I know, they lost immensely 
ütpon the stock which they had first between El 
Paso and Fort Yuma; and afterwards they lost 
immensely upon the stock they were obliged to 
sell behveen Fort Yuma and San Diego. Then 
they got nothing for all the stables they had built, 
or the posts they had established. 
Finally, Mr. Hokt, who wasa very economical 
Yostmaster General—not caring two buttons what 
the•Governmcnt spent, only intent that it should 
not be upon the Post Offce; that was all heseemed 
to have cared about—willing that the Government 
migh E spend as much as it pleased , thousands, hun- 
drcd;s of thousands, and millions, provided it was 
saddled upon -the Treasury, so that he could make 
a Post Offce •report -showing that he-had econo- 
mizéd—chose to discontinue the route "between 
San Antonio and El Paso. That route between 
Stin Antonio and Ei Paso was the only means of 
supplying seven military posts. Hc discontinued 
that' to semi-monthly; it was semi-weckly before. 
'I'hosc seven military posts had no other means 
of receiving communications from the Govern- 
ment,- except by incurring greater expenses, than 
keeping up this line by sending special messen- 
gers. General Twigcys under these circumstances 
called upon these men to carry the mail still. The, 
citizens in that section of the country—not only 
those living In Texas, about Ei Paso, but all New 
Mexico, for that was the only means by which 
they could get their letters and papers—the citi- 
zens of that section of the country generally called 
them to continue carrying the mails, and the mails 
were delivered by the postmaster, and -tl'ley wore 
carried. Now, they want. to be paid Sor the actual 
trips under the original contract with Postmaster 
General Brown; not for carrying the mail to Fort 
Yuma, not for carryine it -to San Diego, but pro 
ratc adeerding to their original con tract with Post- 
master General Brown for carrying the mail from 
El Paso to San Antonio. Now, one Senator pro- 
poses that it shall, not bc above $70,000 
Mr. HALE. That is by consent of the con- 
tractors thernsclves. 
Mr. WIGFALL. The Senator's is 
sufficient that tho contractors have agreed to take 
IL. I suppose, if t.hey could not get anything else, 
they would rather have an old suit of clothes. 
They have becn kept here hammering at the doors 
of Congress for some considerable time past—ever 
since I have been in the Senate, at least—and they 
have never been able to cet any compensation out 
of •the Post Offce Department at all. The Post 
Office Department was opposed to them ; Mr. Holt 
had determined to break up the linc. General I 
Twigrrs was dctcrmincd it. should not be. broken 
up. They chose to take tbc hazards and carry 
it; and-Mr. Holtdetermined that they should not 
be paid. Finally, Congress is about to adjourn, 
and they are waiting now to take ariYthing they ! 
can get. I suppose thev would take $70,000; they 
would -take ihey would take $50,000; 
they wouldtake $40,000; they would take $20 ,000; 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
General, with whom this contractwag made, and 
who refused to pay this money. 
Mr. -WIGFALL. The contract was made 
with Postmaster General Brown, and Postmaster 
General Holt refused to pay. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 Mr. I-loit. 
Mr. WIGFALL. We differ in our estimate 
of him. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 did not rely much on 
Governor Brown while he lived; but as he is dead 
I shall say nothing about him. I think there were 
a great many errors in his administration; and I 
think the administration of the Post Offce Depart- 
ment under Mr. Holt was one of the ablest, 
wisest, and most honest, in tuy rec.ollection. He 
did all he could to cut down the enormous expend- 
itures of his predecessor, and showed that he 
desired to administer that Department as it ought 
to be administercd—within its income. 
The proposition of the Senator from New 
Hampshire to confine the allowance to #70,000, 
with the consent of the applicants, is an argument 
to rny mind that they are willing to take anythino 
they can get. I look upon this as one of theclaims 
that are constantly upon us. They come here 
asking several hundred thousand dollars; and the 
Senator from New Hampshire, who says he un- 
derstands the case—but 1 suppose he understands 
it very little more than 1 do, or the Senator from 
Texas—agrees to make it $70,000. I propose to 
make it $40,000, and look upon it as a gratuity. 
I am sure they have been paid all they ought to 
have been. paid under the contract, if Mr. Holt so 
reported; and I believe he did. 
It is always ungracious to talk against these 
private claims; and I believe some of these gen- 
tlcmcn belong to my 0',vn State; but I am satisfied 
that if you commence by giving them what they 
ask or anything like it, others will come on next 
year, and we shall have millions to pay for the 
misdeeds of Postmaster General Brown and the 
Repartmentduringhis administration. To gratify 
my friends, I will say no more. 
Mr. CLARK. I an-I opposed to this claim. I 
am opposed not only to allowing these parties 
$60,000, but I am opposed to allowing them 
$40,000, or any• sum, until they put their claim 
and their proof in a different position from what 
I understand it to be now. The claim which these 
gentlemen make, it seems to me, stands in the I 
I do not 
outset upon suspicious circumstances. 
know but that they may have a meritorious claim ; 
I do not say but they have; I do not know but 
they are abused men. But tho point that makc 
is this: they came to Congress asking to be paid 
för servic.es performed, but they do not state what 
those services were, so that we may know and pass 
intelligently upon the amount we are to pay; and 
there is not a Senator here, I think, from the in- 
quirics that I have addressed to some of them, 
that can tell me the amount that is to be paid, un- 
less it is limited to $40,000 or #60,000, and not to 
00 over that. 
lieve it would take $40,000; I did not understand 
it to be so; and, to my surprise, I found that the 
Department allowed him one hundred and eigh- 
teen or one hundred and nineteen thousand dol- 
I examined that claim at two different ses- 
sions. Ido not believe half that arnount was due 
him; and I do not mean to be entrapped in that 
way again, if I can help it. 
Then, again, sir, we have got another matter. 
Here is the resolution in favor of George E. 
Fisher. George E. Fisher made a claim upon 
this Government, in the first instance, for about 
sixteen thousand dollars. The Department, or 
whoever had it in charge, allowed him about eight 
thousand dollars. He then came to Congress 
again, and they doubled it to $16,000. He pursued 
the claim, and they doubled it ag*n to $32,000. 
He still kept on, and they brought it to $66,000. 
At the last session, my friend from Rhode Island, 
[Mr. SIMMONS,] a man of the best intentioné in the 
world, introduced a resolution that that claim, 
after they had o•ot $66,000 arising out of $16,000, 
should be settleä on principles of justice and equity ; 
and referred it to the Department. They had got 
$66,000; it went to the War Department, and 
that Department allowed $66,000 more, making 
it $132,000 altogether, on the principles of justice 
and equity. (Sensation in the galleries.] T hc 
House of Representatives have repealed that res- 
olution this session; and it has been before your 
committee, and they will report that it shall be 
I may have voted for it; but I 
repealed here. 
will give my vote in a moment to repeal it, and I 
have made up my mind that I will never cive a 
vote hereafter for any bill that does not state on 
its face what is demanded of the Senate. 
The Senator from Ohio cannot tell me what 
these parties ask under this bill, or how much it 
amounts to; nor can anybody that I have found. 
Now, I am willing to examine these gentlemen's 
claim. Let them propose -it here; let them state 
what they have done, and what they claim to be 
paid for, and I will examine it; and if it is found to 
be a just claim, I will vote to pay it, but Ido not 
want to vote these sums in the dark; I do not 
want to vote even the #40,000 proposed by the 
Senator from Pennsylvania. Let us act intelli- 
gently; let us know what we are doing, and not 
Mr. President, we have recently had some very 
ascfUl experience on that subiect, in the 'sway of 
teaching Senators lessons. We passed here, I 
think, at the last session, a bill for the relief of 
Arthur Edwards & Co., to pay them for services 
performed; and what was the result of it? We 
had a veto oc the President; we had to amend and 
cut down the bill, and I think some gentiemcn felt 
a little ashamed of the part they had taken in that 
measure. That was pay for actual service. Then i 
aff9in, afterwards, we had a bill or resolution for 
the relief of De Groot & Co. That did not ask 
pay for actual service; but asked that the claim 
might be settled on principles of.justicc and equity. 
I remember that I took partin that discussion; and 
i do not feel ashamed of the part I took in the 
discussion, but I do feel very much ashamed of 
the allowance that was rnade under it, and would 
they would take they would take be glad to vote to repeal that to-day, and will give 
I do not see any justice in fixing it; but as they my vote for its repeal the first opportunity I get. 
I remember that the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. 
have agreed to $70,000, I am willing to fix tllat 
limit; bat I do not think the Senator from Penn- SLIDELL] at that time moved to amend that reso- 
sylvania, who admits that he does not know any- i liltion so as to provide that the amount al!owed 
thing about the facts, should insist upon this pro- should not exceed It had come from the 
crustean rule of possibly they may House of Representativcs at the close of the ses- 
be entitled to $100,000. am willing to take sion; and the friends of the measure were anxious 
be obliged to rescind and repeal the bills when we 
have passed them, or have them vetoed because 
we did not understand what we were about. This 
claim may be a just claim, for aught I know. I 
make this statement— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. FOSTER 
in the chair.) The Chair feels called upon toarrest 
discussion. The hour of one arrived, the 
special order must come up, being thctlnfinished 
business of yesterday . 
Mr. WADE. I move to suspend the special 
order, and take the. vote on this joint resolution. 
I believe we are about to take a vote. That is all 
I ask, that there be a vote taken. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It 
and seconded that the special order of the day, 
which is the tariff bill, be postponed , in order that 
discussion may proceed on the joint resolution 
before the Senate. 
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senate will 
vote immediately, I will consent to Ict the special, 
order .o•o by, without a motion. 
Mr. KING. I will move to lay this claim on 
the table. 
Mr. CLARK. I will simply say that am will- 
ing to forbear any remarks I might have to make, 
in order to enable the tariff bill to come up, or to 
let the vote be taken on this at once, without any 
further discussion, if the friends of the measure 
desire it. 
Mr. WIGFALL. 1 so. 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo- 
tion is to postpone the special order of the day, 
for the purpose of continuing tho discuseion. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 
ment; but let it go over informally, for the purpose 
of taking a vote. 
Mt. MT ADE. By common consent we can take 
a vote on this matter now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion is 
made by the Senator from New York to lay the 
that it should go through, and not go back again joint resolution on the tablc. That will come in 
and say it shall not be more. 
t.o the House of Representatives, and we resisted I its order, after this is disposed of. The question 
Mr. WADE. 1 hope we shall have the vote. 
Mr. CAMERON. I did not admit that I knew that proposition; it was defeated, and the bill 
is now on postponing the special order. 
- Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose if the motion to 
integrity and the intelligence of the Postmaster of the bill I had made, that i did not be- lay on the table fails, you will not get a votc. 
