922 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
February 15, 
Now, what was -that order,? I have tbe report 
of the committee before mc, and. iL- appears that 
that order, upon the new arraiigement then made 
by Mr.. Brown with these persons, was to this 
effect: 
ter General Brown, dated 23d ot October, 1858, whereby 
the service was discontinued from El Påso to Fort Yuma. 
but was increased to a wcekly serviee fronrFort Yuma to 
of junction with the great overland mail to CaJitOrnia,' at 
the compensation, iör this new and improv„ed service, of 
196,448 per year, the service to Commence 1st January, 
So, sir, the- joint resolution, as it came from 
theGHouse, and as it *has been press'ed here day 
after day,_ proposed to pay Giddings the sum of 
$196,448 a year, according to the order of Post- 
master General Brown, made on the 23d of Octo- 
ber, •1858; and the Senator from Iowa has already 
told us what the committee stated that sum would 
amount to, continued up to the month of July, 
1861; that it would amount to one hundred and 
fifty thousand and some dollars. We have had 
this resolution pressed, day after day, before the 
Senate for the allowance of that amount, upon 
the basis which the. committee have made here, 
and upon a calculation which they gave at the 
end of their report, that it will amount to that 
sum. We were told this morning, by the honor- 
able Senator from New Hampshire, that tlkese 
parties were willing to take six months' pay in 
full. What is that? Why, sir, that would amount 
to $98,224, being half the amount due to them 
according to the order of Postmaster General'- 
Brown, of Oct6ber 23, 1858; which was the basis 
upon which the resolution says the Department 
shall settle this claim. We want to know what 
that will amount to; and, after a good deal of de- 
bate on the subject, at last, the honorable Senator 
from Now Hampshire tells us that these parties 
will be content W'ith $70,000, if we will agrec to 
put that in the bill. 
Now, Mr. President, it is a little extraordinary, 
it strikes me—and it goes to show -how this kind 
of- legislation gets through—that, after this reso- 
lution is pressed here day by day, involving an 
amount clear upon its face, according to the re- 
port of the committee, of a hundred and fifty- 
nine thousand and some hundred dollars; then we 
are told further that the parties will be content 
with $98,224; and then, after further discussion, 
when the friends of the bill are pressed to let us 
know t.he amount really involved, we are told 
that the panics would be content with $70,000. 
This is a wonderful falling off in a very short 
tirne. 
I confess, for myself, that I am not at all satis- 
fied about this matter. It strikes me as very ex- 
traordinary, when parties come here and claim 
$159,000, and their claim is pressed day by day, 
that thoy should first fall and agree to accept 
$98,000, and then, in a few minutes afterwards, 
when the matter is further pressed , that they should 
agree to take $70,000. I want to know, really, 
what is the amount due, what it is that these par- 
tics arc entitled to, what they will be content with. 
I arn willing to vote whatever may be really duc 
to them; but I am not willing to vote in the dark. 
I have not ycl heard from any gentleman as to the 
serviccs pcrformcd by these parties, and as to the 
amount they are really entitled to. It seems that 
therc is to be an amount hereafter to be ascertained 
in the way of damages. 
Mr. WIGFALL. Thejointresolution excludes 
damages. 
Mt. BRAGG. The report proposes to put this 
matter on the ground that they had madc a con- 
tract and carried this mail at $196,000 a year; and 
that, inasmuch as they performed the trips—al- 
though the Postmaster General directed a discon- 
tinuance of part of the service—the Government 
would pay for what had been done, and continue 
the service at that ratc up to June 30, 1861. Then 
they reduced the amount to six months' pay, as 
I have stated, and then down to and how 
much lower they will reduce it, I should like to 
know. 
Mr. HALE. It seems to me, that the ground 
assumed by the Senator from North Carolina and 
my colleague, goes upon the supposition that we 
have no use Of any accounting officers; that the 
five hundred or a thousand accounting officers 
thal we have at the other cnd of the avenue are 
of uo use; that we must do all their v„york here. 
The bill sends this matter there, to be settled on 
principles of equity and justice. That is all. 
Now, before I sit down, I wish to say another 
word that I am sorry to be under the necessity of 
I am told that my colleague spokc in 
saying. 
relation to a bill that was passed at the last ses- 
Sion , and suggested that some of us who took some 
partin it might regretitnow, He seemed to think 
that in that matter there had been some unwise 
and injudicious action. I m,vas assailed for my 
action on that bill by a scurrilous and infamous 
sheet in Boston. 
Mr. CLARK. My colleague will allow me to 
say that I did not for moment advert to him; 
and I am sorry that anybody should so under- 
stand me. 
Mr. HALE. I did not hear the remark, butl 
so told. While I am up, I will say, in rc- 
gard to that bill, that, if there is anybody on God's 
earth who has any repentance to indulge in on 
account of it, I am not that one. I acted on that 
matter with intelligence and the integrity I pro- 
fess; and I have never seen occasion to retract a 
single word that I uttered, or a single act that I 
did in regard to it. 
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that it is neces- 
sary that I should repeat to the Senate that I had 
not the least allusion to my colleague, or anything 
that hc said. I have too much confidencc in him 
to suppose that he would actin the way indicated. 
I want to make one remark. in regard to the sug- 
gestion of my colleague, now, that I and others 
seem to think we have no use for any accounting 
officers at the other end of thc avenue. My 
ficulty is not of that kind. I think they are of some 
service; but what I want of those accounting of- 
ficers is, to state the account before we vote, and 
then let us vote after they have stated it, and not 
vote first and state afterwards. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to make asug- 
gestion to my friend from New Hampshire. The 
accounting officers act very well when they state 
accounts under legal provisions, as they are bound 
to do; but there is hardly an instance within my 
recollection, since 1 have been herc, where you 
have abandoned legal principles and allowed them 
to settle an account on principles of equity and 
justice, as you call it, thus giving them an unlim- 
ited discretion, that we have not had cause to re- 
pent of it; and will never vote for another bill 
giving that authority. 
MI'. CLARK. Is it in order now to movc to 
amend the bill Jurther? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is still open 
to amendment. 
B'lr. CLARK. I move to amend it by adding 
thc following proviso: 
Provided, That the Baid amount shall be received by the 
said Giddings, in full payment of all services perförmcd on 
said route, and in full satisfaction of any claim for dam- 
acyes arising out of any discontinuance of any part of' the 
service on the same. 
I offer this amendment, so that if we pass this 
joint resolution, it may settle the whole matter, 
and he havc no further claim for any services or 
damages. 
Mr. WIGFALL and others. That is already 
I with- 
Mr. CLARK. I was not aware of it. 
draw the amendment, if the provision is in the 
joint resolution already. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. Now 1 move the amend- 
take their seats and come to order, and the busi- 
ness of the Senate must be suspended until that 
is done. 
Mr. BRAGG. 1 admit, Mr. President, that the 
amendment is not a vital or material one. If the 
Senacor, from Texas had listened to what I said 
when I made a few remarks before, I think he 
would have scen the propriety of the amendment 
that I offer. I stated that these words applied to 
a mo_dification of the contract which Postmaster 
General made at that time, and by which 
these contractors were allowed for weekly service 
over this route $196,000 a year, and the report and 
the resolution proposed to settle this matter at the 
Department in accordance with that modification 
of the contract, which is called in the resolution an 
" order;" but on reference to the report, the fact 
appears to be that that order was a modification 
of the contra*discontinuing the, service on part 
of the route, and increasing theservice on another 
If these words remain in the bill now, they 
part. 
contradict what follows, because the Department 
cannot settle on that basis. As I understand the 
provision now', it is simply to pay to these par- 
ties a specified sum in lieu of all the amounts they 
are entitled to under their contract, and for dams 
It is to be received in full. 
ages, upon this route. 
Mr. HEMPHILL. The contract of Postmas- 
ter General Brown, of October, 1858, allowed him 
for the whole service between San Antonio and 
El Paso, and between Fort Yuma and San Diego, 
$196,458a year. On the -14th of April, 1859, Post- 
master General Holt, through his Assistant, Mr. 
Dundas, reduced the service between San An- 
tonio and El Paso from weekly to semi-monthly, 
and also between San Diego and Fort Yuma in 
the same way, reducing the whole pay then to 
$120,000. Afterwards, on the 4th of February, 
ment which I suggested some time since, in line 
three, after the word " on " to inscrt " that ur- 
tion ofthe;"and in line four, after the word " SIX " 
' lying between El Paso and San An- I 
to insert, ' 
tonio;" so that it will read: 
That George H. Giddings bc paid for services on that • 
portion of thc route nunibcr 8076, lying between EI Paso 
and San Antonio, &c. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. BRAGG. I move to strike out the words, 
in accordance with the order of Postmaster Gen- t 
eral A. V. Brown, of October 23, 1858," because 
1860, that portion of the line which lies between 
San Diego and Fort Yuma was cut off entirely, 
and $28,695 taken from the compeösation of 
$120,000, leaving, then, the contract price for the 
service between El Paso and San Antonio, $91,405. 
As the joint resolution now stands, he is to be 
paid for: the trips that he performed on that por- 
tion of the route, according to the contract price 
of $91,405. If he performed the service for six 
months, as I understand that a proposition has 
been made to pay for six months' service, he 
would be paid one half the amount of the annual 
pay, so that it would not amount to more than 
$45,000. It may amount to something in addi- 
tion; but the idea which has been advanccd here, 
that there will be an extravagant allowance, cx- 
ists altogether in thc imagination of Senators. 
Tho amendment of M 1'. BRAGG was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no other 
amendment be proposed, the question is: Shall 
the amendrilents which have been made be en- 
grossed, and the joint resolntion be read a third 
The amendmentswere ordered to be engrossed, 
and the joint resolution to be read a third time. 
The resolution was read the third time. 
Mr. GRIMES. i ask for the yeas and nays 
on the passage of the joint resolution. 
The yeas and nays •wvere ordered; and being 
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows: 
YEAS—Messrs. Baker, Bigler, Bright, Chandler, Cling- 
man, Dixon, Durkee, Fitch, Foot, Gteen, Halo. Ilomphi}l, 
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Morrill, 
Polk, Powel), Rice, Seward, Simmons, irVadc, VViafafl, 
and Wilkinson—24. 
NAVS—Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Cameron, Clark, Doo- 
; little, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes. Harlan, King, Saulsbury 
Sumner, rl'en Eyck, 'I'rumbull, a'nd Wilson—15. 
So the joint resolution was passed. 
MESSAGE FROM 110USE. 
A message from the House of Represen tatives, 
by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the 
House had passed a bill (No. 996) for the relief 
of Azel Spalding, in which the concurrence of tho 
Senate was requested. 
The message further announced that the House 
the resolution as it now stands fixes the amount. 
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 274) for 
Mr. vvTIGFALL. 1 do not understand ,what 
the relief of Townsend Harris, his heirs, or legal 
the meaning of the resolution will be if those 
representatives. 
words be strickcn out. According to what rule 
TERRITORIES. 
is he to be paid ? 
Mr. BRAGG. If the honorable Senator from I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special 
order of the day, which was postponed to con- 
I Texas will allow rne a moment, I will state 
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is so the tariffbill. 
much disturbance on the floor that the business of I Mr. SIMMONS. i now move to take üp that 
I the Senate is interrupted. Senators will please bill, 
