1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
025 
manufactures of Wool, or Of which wool shall be a com- 
ponent material,- not otherwise provided far, 30 per centum 
ad vatorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next amendment was in line one hundred 
and eight of the thirteenth section, to strike out 
thirty per centum advalorem, 'and insert" and. 
The. bill now reads: 
On oil-cloth for floors, stamped, painted, or printed, val- 
ued at 50 cents or less per square yard, 20 per centurn ad 
a:alorem-; valued at over 50 cente per square yard, 30 per 
centum ad valorem ; on all other oil-cloth, 30 per centum ad 
vatorcm." 
The proposed amendment makes it read thus: 
On oil-cloth for floors, stamped, painted, or printed, val- 
ued at 50 cents or less per square yard, 20 por centum ad 
valorem; valued at over 50 cents per square yard, and on 
all other oil-cloth, .30 per centum ad •valorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was in line fifteen of section fourteen, 
to insert. 
On like goods, exceeding two hundred -threads to the 
square inch, counting the warp and filling, 4 cents per 
square yard. 
So as to make the section read: 
SEC. 14. and bc it further enacted, 'l'hat from and after 
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected, 
and paid, on the importation Of the articles hereinafter 
mentioned, the following duties, that is to say : First, On 
all manufactures of cotton not bleached, colored, stained, 
paintcd, or printed, and not exceeding one hundred threads 
to the square inch, counting the warp and filling, and ex- 
cceding in weight five ounces pcr squarc yard, i cent per 
square yard ; on finer or lighter goods of like description, 
nor. exceeding one hundred and torty threads to the square 
inch, counting the warp and filling, 2 cents per square yard ; 
on goods of' like description, exceeding one hundred and 
forty threads, and notcxcceding two hundred threads to the 
square inch, counting the warp and tilling, 3 cents per 
square yard ; on like goods, exceeding two hundred threads 
to the square inch, counting the warp and filling, 4 cents 
per square yard. 
The amendment •was agreed to. 
The next was in line twenty-four of section 
fourteen, to insert the words " plain woven;" so 
as to make the proviso read: 
Procided, 'I'hat upon all plain woven cotton goods not 
included in the fin-euoingschcduies, and upon cotton goods 
of every description, the value of which shall exceed 16 
cent* per square yard, there shall be levied, collected, and 
paid, a duty of 25 per centum ad calorem.. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The* next was, so to amend the following clause 
of the fourteenth section: 
On spool thread of cotton, containing fifty yards or less 
each, 2} cents per dozen spool* ; containingover fifty yards 
and not, over one hundred yardS each, 4 cents per dozen 
spools ; containing one hundred yards and not over one 
hundred and filty yards each, 6 cents per dozen spool ; con 
over one hundred and fifty yard* and not over two 
hundred yards each, 8 cents per dozen spools. 
As to make it read: 
On spool and other thread of cotton, 30 per centum ad 
ecdoq•em. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was in line forty-six of section four- 
" and 
the words 
teen, to insert, after " cotton," 
cotton velvet;" and to insert "five" after " twen- 
ty;" so as to make the cause read: 
wrove or roade ou frames, coin- 
On shirts and drasvers, 
posed wholly of cotton, and cotton velvet, 25 per centum 
ad cal.orcm, 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The next was in line five of section fifteen, to 
• " thirty;" so as to make the 
insert five," aftek 
clause read: 
utnnanutactured hemp, $35. per ton. 
IVIr. SEWARD. I wish to ask what the pres- 
ent dutv is on unmanufactured hemp. 
Mr. SIMMONS. Twenty-four per cent. 
Mr. HALE. How much a ton ? 
Mr. ShMMONS. About $50 a ton. This 
proposes $35 dollars. 
Mr. POLK. I wish to call the attention of the 
erly, the value in market of Russian hemp-was 
about double that of Manilla hemp, and t pre- 
sume it is so still. This bill came from the,House 
of Representatives with a duty of $30 on Russian 
and $150n Manilla hemp. The committee thought 
the Russian hemp ought to pay #35; and so they 
put $5 more on it, and they thought ita.very low 
duty. We did not alter the other hemp duties at 
all, supposing that they were made on a fair esti- 
mate of the market value of the article. 
Mr. GWIN. 1 observe that the duty is in- 
I creased $5 a ton by the select committee beyond 
what the other House made it. What was the 
reason for the increase? 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have just stated—:—perhaps 
the Senator did not hear—that the committee 
thought $30 a ton on RuS*ian hemp was not near 
a revenue duty, not more than 15 per dent. , and 
we thought we could get a little more duty on it; 
and that -is the reason why we proposed to add 
$5 more. 
Mr. POLK, i am not familiar with this Ma- 
nilla hemp at all. The hemp that I am familiar 
with, mostly, is American hemp. I wish to know 
whether the proportion of duty on Russian hemp, 
for instance, at $35 per ton, is the same.as that on 
Manilla hemp at $15 per ton, or about the same? 
Mr. SIMMONS. very neu•, 1 should think. 
I have not looked at the prices current of hemp 
for a number of years; but I dare say, if you look 
in former tariffs, which were based on the foreign 
prices, you will find about that proportion. I 
know what price Russian hemp used to be, but 
I am not familiar with it lately. The committee 
thought *'30 a ton was not near as much as the 
present law, and that we ought to raise it, to 
what revenue we could fairly get from- it. 
Tho amendment was agreed to. 
The ncxt amendment was in section fifteen, to 
strike out from lines seventeen to twenty-one, in, 
elusive, the following '•,vords: 
Weighing not over one pound and a halfper square yard, 
or imported under the designation of gunny cloth, or any 
other appellation, 2 cents per square yard; weighing over 
one pound and a half per square yard." 
And to inscrt, in lieu thereof, 
Valued at less than 10 cents per square yard , 
And in line twenty-two, to strike out 2 cents, 
and insert "1 cent;" and after the word ' 'pound," 
in the -same line, to insert the words over 10 
cents per square yard, 2 cents per pound." 
So that the clause will read: 
On cotton bagging, ot any other manufacture not other- 
wise provided iör,.suttable the, uses to which cotton 
bazgiut{ is app{jcd, whether composed in whole or in part 
of hernp, jute, or tiax, or any other Inateriai, valued at less 
than 10 cents per square yard, I cent per pound ; over 10 
cents per square yard, 2 cents per pound. 
Mr. SIMMONS. ldesire to modify the duty 
on the first description of bago•ing by inserting ] 
.5 
do not think i 
cent instead of 1 cent a pound. 
i cent is quitc a revenue tariff. 
Mr. POLK. At what line will that amend- 
menl of the Senator come in ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. In the twenty-second line. 
I desire to put the duty at 1} cent a pound, in- 
stead of I cent. 
The amendment to the amendment was agreed 
to; and theamendment, as amended was adopted. 
Mr. POLK. I should like to catl Lho attention 
of the Senator from Rhode Island to another ques- 
I have received a letter which states that, 
tion. 
under the tariff as it now stands, they have away 
of introducing hemp in winches, as thc letter calls 
I believe it is hemp manufactured to a cer- 
it. 
tain point, thus escaping thc duty. I should like 
to inquire of the Senator from Rhode Island 
whether the duty on yarns—4 cents a pound on 
yarns—will embrace all the stages of manufac- 
It ture from the raw article, up to cordage? 
Senator from Rhode Island to that section. 
Mr. SIMMONS. [did not hear the Senator 
provides, first, that unmanufactured hemp shall 
II 
pay a duty of' #35 dollars per ton, and nexr., that say in what form that hemp came. Was it in 
' winches? 
Maniila, and Dthet hemps of India," sha]l pay 
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir; 1 think that is the ex- 
" I wish to know if the section I 
means that Manilla hemp shall pay only $15 a I pression. 
Mr. SIMMONS, The tell as well 
ton, when other shall pay $35? 
I never saw any of it. 
• as can. 
IV'lr. SiMMONS. That is what it means. 
Mr. POLK. would ask the Senator whether, 
The. next amendment of 
sectioi seventeen; line five, -to strikeout 'tbewofd 
and the. -yoi•d- -iC 
" plate;" 
occurs a second time, to sti•ike out ('the "wo'rå 
crown and after the word;." Cylindéi•" to •strike 
out thewords " and.other,? ' and insert ' 'or broad"' 
so that the clause-will' read: 
First; on rough -plate, cylinder, Or: -broad -wind-oW-glä-ssy 
not exceeding •ten- by fifteen cent pensqgare- foot; 
Mr. SIMMONS, 1 that 
per square fooC As •it now is a;prad- 
tiéal reduction of the duties on the larger 'sizes Of 
glass. We did not think of it at the time we were 
redüci-ng the duty; bv On the _large. sizes, of a 
higher cost: we desire to have a duty- I cent 
square foot, as it was in•the original bill. 
Mr. •G WIN. •I desire. to move an amendment 
td' the whole of 'that Section. When this snbject 
came up in the select committee, we agreed- üPdö 
an amendment to the-seetion. on "some foets• that 
were brought before the committee by myself.- I 
received a letter from one of the; largest import- 
ing houses in California on. 'this' subject•6f the 
duty on glass, in which it was stated: 
I will add that our State consurnes 'at present foreign 
glass only ; the American being•u'neuited •to ih 
quality, and, owing to its inferiorpackages, totally:unfitför 
transportation -over ou.r mountains and through our valleys, 
and you can appreciate the injustice of compelling us to 
pay eastern roan'ufaéturers higu• prices for an artiOle go 
objectionabke." 
I brought the subject befQre the Select' commit- 
tee, and an amendment Was agreed upon in- that 
committee. I obtained a copy of that amendment, 
and transmitted it:to one of these gentlemen; to 
lay before, not only his own house, but all thöse 
that were interested in itx; and I "received'in' answer 
a letter, from which I read the-following: 
Your esteemed favox of the 30th ultimo has just reached 
me, coverin«r the proöosed amen-amént to M0RRir,rPs tüiff 
bill, ons vV-ihdoW gla'ss. I' have-telegraphed to you; th•åtthe 
rates to be reported by the select comrnittee.are ;very satis- 
factory; Cbey arc more .iä-vorabie to our State thgn to par- 
ties on this side, as,our principal. consumpt.ion is of srnail 
glass. Our objection was not So much to payincr an inerease 
duty, as it was to have our busil'iess destroyea by 
tion. The proposed rates will not destroy-it." 
Thén again, having sent a copy of the bill as 
printed, I recciVed another letter from the firm, in 
which they state that— 
Upon examining thc feport'of the Senate. select com- 
mittee, find the rates upon window glass largély advanced 
above the figures quoted in your esteemcd favor of the 30th 
uitnno. For instance, the printed report; places sixes up to 
ten by fifteen at} cent per square foot, your letter cent." 
I will not go on with the reading of this letter. 
This is a. subject of the greatest importance to us, 
because, we do not consume any American glass 
in California. American glass is not packed so 
that it cun be carried through the interior of our 
country. This duty, as it was in the original bill, 
and as it has been changed since it left the select 
committee, is prohibitory. I propose to offer-pre- 
cisely the amendment that agreed on - the 
select committee -to that whole I 
will send to the Chair. The chairman of the select 
committee will recollect that I took a copy of it at 
the time. I desiro to have the action of the select 
committee agreed to by -the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
now before the Senate is 01' the amendment which 
has been reported from the select committee, 
Mr. G WIN. move my amendment as a sub- 
It is, in fact, what 
stitute for the whole section. 
the committee agreed on originally. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed 
amendment will be read for information. 
The Secretary read it: to strike out all -of 'the 
seventeenth section after the enacting clause, and 
to insert the following in lieu thereof: 
That from and after the day and year aforesaid, tber_e 
Shail be levied, collected, and ,paid on the importation of 
the articles herein mentioned, thc following duties, that, is 
to say: first, on rough plate, e.ylinde.r, or broad -windöw 
glass, not exceeding ten by fifteen inches, cent per square 
inches. I cent per squarc foot; abovc that. and not exeped- 
inr twenty-four by thirty inches, 2 eents per-square .tO(jt; 
anvabove that, 3 cents per square foot ; on plate, or 
polished, and alk other glass not e.xeeeding ten by 
fifteen inches, cent por squar@ font ; not 
exceeding sixteen by twenty-four inches, cents per 
Mr. POLK. I should like to know from the 
above that, and not, exceeding twenty-four by 
Senator from Rhode Isiand the reasons for that if the word " hemp" were inserted before the word i foot" 
üiå•ty inches. 4 cents per square foot; allabove that; 5 cents 
it would not Ijrob•abty meet the diffl- per square foot: Prooided, 'Phat all glass imported in 
distinction. 
or tabies, without reference to size or form, shall pay the 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not given any par- culty to which my referred ? 
highest duty herein imposed: ..dnd prouided further, That 
ticular attention to tilC prices current of hemp this Nil'. SINIMC)NS. It must be in it; for this bill i i 
I ail rough plate, cylinder, -or broad glass weighing over one 
hemp puts a duty on hemp, flax, yarn, Sisal grass, jute, 
I hundred pounds per onc hundred square toet, shali pay an 
year; but know that, formerly, Russian 
additional duty on the excess at the same rates as herein 
was just about twicc the puce of Manilla. Form- and everything 
