926 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
imposed; •and all--crown, plate, or polished, and all other 
Window glass* weighing over one hundred pounds -per one 
hundred square feet, shah pay an additional duty propor- 
tionaté to that here_in provided for glass Of that weight. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This amend- 
ment to strike out the seventeenth section and in- 
sert the matter which has been read, is not in 
order for consideration until the seventeenth sec- 
ti.on has: been perfected by acting on such amend- 
ments as have been or may be offered to it. The 
first question now is on the -amendment to the 
•seventeenth section offered by the select com- 
mittee. 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 desire to in reference 
to this section, that I thinlethe Senator from Cal- 
ifornia is -right, to some extent. We had this 
proposition, as he offers it, before the committee, 
and at the time it seemed entirely satisfactory; but 
subsequently we were called upon by the manu- 
facturers of glass, and show-h that in reference to 
this first article, having reduced it to cent, we 
had made a serious mistake, and that, in fact, our 
ratewas too low. I do not now recollect whether 
the Senator from California was present at that 
meeting or not; I presume he was not; but I think 
a quorum of the committee was present. I know 
I voted expressly to raise this rate from cent to 
cent. Furthermore, at the time, and since, man- 
ufiicturers have been insisting that we should raise 
it to 1 cent; and the Senator from Rhode Island 
has suggested an amendmcntaccordingly. There- 
föi•e, in reference to this imported glass, there v.zas 
a difference between the importers and the man- 
ufacturers; those represented by the Senator from 
California insisting on cent, while the manufac- 
turers wanted 1 cent. We fixed the rate at cent. 
M impression is we had better let it rest there. 
he PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques- 
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator 
from Rhode Islahd, from the select committee, to 
this section. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I stated when I was up be- 
fore, that we had agreed to put this at cent. 
1 
did it after conference with some persons inter- 
ested. Since then, I have seen a great many of 
these men, and they tell me this enlargement of 
the size, which is very considerable, has a great 
deal td do with it; and cent is a practical reduc- 
lion of the ratc of duty that was fixed by the 
I.believe, myself, that this sizc of from 
H o use. 
ten to fifteen inches should pay a duty of 1 cent 
a foot. Before, it was ten by twelve. They in- 
sistcd upon having the highest schedule on the 
large size increased. I told them I would consent 
to increase it to I cent, and I would move it; but 
I would insist upon -keeping the other schedules 
as we had reported them on the larger sizes. But 
this is a kind of glass that they have been makinc-r 
in this country. More than halt' of the furnaces 
are now closed up; and I think I cent a square 
foot is as little duty on that as I ever recollect 
beföre tn any tariff. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on the nmendment offered by the Senator from 
Rhode Island to the amendment of the select 
com in it tee. 
T hc amendment to "the amendment was agreed 
to; and the arnci)dment as amended was adopted. 
Mr. GWIN. What is the question before the 
Senate? is it on my substitute? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- 
ment offered by the Senator from California, the 
Chair statcd at tbc time, was not now in order for 
consideration, inasmuch as the atuendment pro- 
posed to strike out the seventeenth section, and in- 
sert what the Senator from California sent to the 
Chair and was read, The seventeenth section, 
proposed to be stricken out, is open to amendment 
wish to oppose. That amendment is an absolute 
prohibition of the importation Of these articles 
I have it from 
into the State that I represent. 
It was agreed 
authority that 1 cannot question. 
upon in select committee, on information brought 
before that committee by those engaged in the 
importation of this article, to reduce the duty to 
cent. Afterwards, without my ever hearing 
ihat the committee had met again , it was amended 
In order that there might 
and the bifl reported. 
not be any mistake about it, I sent an abstract 
of precisely what the committee had agreed upon ; 
I sent precisely the action of the committee;.l 
had a copy made by our clerk; and the answer 
was that it was satisfactory. Subsequently, when 
thc bill was printed, I found it was changed from 
what was aoreed upon, in the select committee, 
at what I thought was the last meeting of that 
committcc. My proposition is to amend it pre- 
cisely as it was agreed upon in the selectcomtmttee 
when wc last met. I have the very words from 
the clerk as it was drawn up. Now, this is an 
increase over the duty reported from cent to I 
cent. The committee agreed that it should be - 
cent. I have reason to believe that this duty of i 
per cent. is prohibitory. We never import any 
American glass in California; but this duty is so 
high that it will be prohibitory, at least on this 
It is not so packed that we can 
particular glass. 
consume it in our country. I hope, therefore, 
that the amendment proposed by the Senator 
from Rhode Island will not be agreed to. 
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, the manu- 
facture of the commonest kind of glass is a busi- 
ness in which many of my constituents are en- 
gaged. From information that I have received 
from the manufacturers, I am satisfied that the 
amendment, as now proposed by the chairman of 
the select committee, to raise the duty upon this 
common window glass from of a cent per square 
foot to I cent per square foot, is a matter of abso- 
lute necessity for the protection of a very large 
number of persons who are engaged in that pur- 
suit. The amendment that is now proposed to 
make the. duty 1 cent per square foot, very nearly 
approximates to the duty that was placed upon 
this article under the tariff of 1842. When the 
tariff of 1846 came into opcration, there were, in 
the first and second conoressional districts of my 
State, twenty-four glass manufactories in success- 
ful operation. Under the present tariff there are 
but five. Nineteen manufactories ot this descrip- 
tion have gone out of existcncc under the opera- 
t.ion of the present tariff law-. I have been in- 
förmed by gentlemen who are enttraged in this 
business, who have had personal interviews with 
me, thatunless this duty is increåsed to 1 per cent. 
upon this kind of glass, the duty as at present 
proposed will kill them, to use their languacre. 
Now, sir, there have been, in the first and sec- 
ond congressional districts of the State of New 
Jersey, about a thousand operatives employed in 
this business; and allowing five persons 10 the I 
family, there arc some five thousand people who 
i arc directly interested in the protection of this 
article in the first and second congressional dis- 
tricts of that State alone. if you reduce the duty 
upon this kind of glass, as proposed by the Sen- 
ator from California, you absolutely extinguish 
i the fires of those furnaces; you Glacken their 
hearths; and you send these operatives wandering 
over the State seeking some other kind of employ- 
ment for which they are not fitted. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will 
state that the question is not now on the amend- 
mentoffcred by the Senator from California. That 
is not yet in order. The question is on the amend 
ment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island, 
that is commonly called perfection, before the from the select committee. 
question can be taken on the substitute the Sen- 
Mr. GWIN. That is precisely what 1 am 
ator from California offered ; and there is an amend- 
speaking about. 
ment to the sevent„eenth section offered by the 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. After that 
Senator from Rhode Island frou-i the select com- 
amendment has been disposed of, if no further 
mittee. The question is on that amendment. 
amendment be offered, the question will then be i 
Mr. GWIN. Let us it read. 
on inserting what the Senator from California has 
The Secretary read it; in section seventeen, line 
sent to the Chair. 
Mr. G VI IN. I am speaking against the amend- ! I 
eight, to strike out 
• twelve" and insert 
SIX- 
and after the word by," to strike out mentproposcd by the Senator from Rhode Island. 
" cirrhteen 
and insert 
" twenty-four;" and in line l' Mr. president, we all suppose that this is 
nine, to strike out "2 cents" and insert 
a tariff for revenue, and nota tariff for protection; I 
cent;" 
so that the clause will read: 
and when gentlemen get up and say, " If you do \ 
Above that, and not exceeding sixtccn not add so much, you turn operatives out of em- 
inches, cent per square iOot. 
that IS no legitimate argument to 
ployment, ' 
Mr. GYVIN. That is the very amendment I advance to the Senate on the question of raising i 
revenue. Which rate will bring the most reve- 
nue into the Treasury ? is the question we should 
consider. I undertake to say, when you prohibit 
the consumption of an article by levying a duty 
so high that it will not be consumed or imported, 
you destroy the very object which this bill pro- 
fesses to accomplish—the raising of revenue This 
is a prohibitory duty to some sections of the coun- 
try; and it is proposcd to be inserted in the bill, 
as the Senator from New Jersey said, expressly 
to keep furnaces burning, to keep operatives at 
work, and not to put money in the Treasury. 
That is the very reason why I am opposed to this 
bill; because protection is the object, and revenue 
a mere incident. Here is a case in point m,vhere 
the revenue is not to be considered at all. The 
question is, x.vhether the furnaces shall burn, and 
glass manuftwturers can make moye profit under 
the bill as I propose to amend it, or as it is pro- 
posed to be amended by the Senator from Rhode 
Island. Sir, I am willing to raise revenue to carry 
on the Government, but never to lay a duty for 
the purpose of prohibiting the introduction of 
articles upon which we can collect customs, in 
order to benefit certain manufacturing establish- 
ments in this country. 
Mr. CAMERON. I do not understand this as 
the Senator from California does. I am vcry much 
inclined to think that his objection arises from the 
suggestions of persons opposed to the whole bill. 
I doubt very much whether he has studied the 
subject, or cares about it, for he is opposed to a 
tariff bill. I am in favor of raising revenue enough 
to support-the Government; and in laying the du- 
ties, would impose them in such a Nuvay as also to 
protect the industrial interestofthe country. With 
the great demand on our Treasury now, there is 
no diffeulty at all in protecting the laborers, me- 
chanics, and manufacturers of this country, if we 
lay our duties wisely and judiciously. I think this 
bill does so in an emineßt degree. I think, of all 
the tariff bills we have ever had, there has been 
more thought given to this than to any which has 
ever been before us. While this will give us rev- 
enue enough, it will, at the same time, protect the 
labor of the country without any harm to any. 
body. I am not in favor of making any tariff bill 
merely for the purpose of revenue. While Yev- 
enue is the first object, I am satisfied that here- 
after, with the great wants of this country, if 
wisdom is used in getting up yoür bills, our peo- 
plc never can want protection. 
Mr. BIGLER. I have no doubt whatever as 
to this duty on glass increasing the revenue, al- 
though I have no x,vay of convincing the Senator 
from California; but I will say to him that he has 
furnished himself the clearest evidence, to my 
mind, that this rate of duty is too low. He reads 
from his correspondent, an importer of the article, 
who says that halfa cent a square föot is highly 
satisfactory. Now, I know that to the manufac- 
turers, who understand the business just as welt 
as the importers, that rate was highly unsatisfac- 
tory. They insisted on 1 cent, not only because 
it would increase the revenue, but because it would 
give t.bem some opportunity of reviving this busi- 
ness. After some discussion, and before we had 
as thoroughly understood the subject as we ought 
to have done, before the appearance of the New 
Jersey men here, we agreed on cent; butl think 
the Senator from Rhode Island was right in pro- 
posing 1 cent instead of cent. 
Mr. G WIN. A word in rep.y to the Senator 
from Pennsylvania. My correspondent said that 
this was highly satisfactory; it was nota prohib- 
itory duty; but see whüt he docs say: 
" The rates to be reported by the select committee are 
very satisfactory ; they are morc favorable to our State than 
to parties on this side, as our principal consumption of 
small glass. Our objection is not so Inuch to paying at! 
increased dutv 
He does not object to that; 
as it is to have our business destroyed by prohibition. 
The proposed rates vvill not destroy it." 
That is the reason thcy are satisfactory. He 
does not want his business destroyed; he does 
not object to an increase of duty paying revenue 
to the Government; bat he does not want his 
business destroyed by a prohibitory duty. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In order to satisfy the sen- 
ator from California and the Senate, that this is a 
very low duty, and to show that we are not in- 
creasing the duty in proportion to the increase 
the size of the glass, to the same extent as hith.. 
