1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBn 
commerce by the warehouping system; but they 
forget that in no country in the world are the for- 
Cign products ajlowed to stay in bond', except so 
of the country in which they are. That is the 
system in England. Their whole warchousinø• 
system is for the benefit of the manufacturers of 
Great Britain. Ours is for the benefit of the manu- 
facturers of foreign countries. I said I would not 
make an extended speech on this subject, and I 
wili not; but I desired to state this faci: that if we 
had the money now due us on the goods in ware- 
houses, we should not be peddling our notes and 
bonds about the country. 
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania will allow me, I desire to ask him if he sup- 
poses this amount of merchandise would be in 
bond now, but fbr our present system? 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 have a right to expect it 
would; for it is there, brought in for the very pur- 
pose of being stored there by persons abroad, and 
I take it for granted it would be there; but at all 
events, it is there. 
Mr. POWELL. 1 will suggest that the 
chants abroad never would have put it there, if 
they had to pay the duty down. 
Mr. CAMERON. That is a supposition of the 
Scnator. 
Mr. POWELL. The reason why they leave 
it there, is because they have the privilege of keep- 
ing it there without charge. 
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania says he has made it a habit not to take the 
advice of his opponents; On a question of this 
kind, think we ought to consider the opinions 
of everybody. -MI e have a bill here that some 
members in the Senate, and some persons in the 
country, regard as somewhat protective, some- 
by its effect in augmenting the •commerce, the 
trade of the country at home and abroad—ay, and 
by its effect in increasing the manufacturing of 
the country and the mining of the country, It is 
this warehousing system. I do not see in it what 
the Senator from Pennsylvania sees—a conflict 
between the warehousing system and the manu- 
facturing system. 
If therc were, I should have 
to choose between two interests, both of which 
I favor. 
The effect of the warehousing system is simply 
this: to increase the commerce of the country; 
but whenever commerce is increased, there must 
be a corresponding increase in the country of the 
materials, or the subject of commerce. The ware- 
housing systern enables the merchant to bring in 
foreign goods and wares, and to hold them ready 
for all demands of the market of all parts of this 
extended country, of all parts of this great conti- 
nent, and of the continent of Asia, with whidh we 
are trading. 
These articles, if thus brought here and held, 
lead to a domestic trade throughout the country. 
Foreign trade in such articles being established, 
then it follows, as tho American manufacturer 
goes into this increased and extended market, and 
brings his fabrics of the same character into the 
common stock, while manufacture is stilnulated 
and the revenues increase, the consumer in any 
part of the world gets the production so much 
cheaper. That, I think, is the operation of the 
whole system. I shall think it an injury to the. 
manufactures of the country to strike down the 
commerce of San Francisco and thc commerce of 
New York and the commerce of New Orleans. I 
believe it may be true, that by our revenue sys- 
tem wc may favor some foreien Inanufacturers at 
the cost of our own. 
It is there that I take my 
what to the advantage of the productive interests departure from gentlemen on the other side of the 
of our country. I do not think we ought to put Chamber who are opposed strictly to every prin- 
this bill the interests—or the prejudice, 
if you choose to call it so—of the shipping and the 
commercial interests of the country. Sir, if this 
bill should pass as it comes to us from the com- 
mittee, in my judgment, it will array against it the 
strongest hostility of the shipping interests and 
commercial men of the country. I think those who 
are in favor of the bill ought not to hazard the 
measure, in the judgment of the country, by thus 
arraying against it great and powerful Interests. 
Now, sir, as to my own State, I have no doubt 
at all it would be bettor for our manufacturing and 
mechanical interests, to a considerable extent, to 
go in favor of this bill as it comes from the com- 
mittee. But we have large commercial interests 
and a iarge shipping interest. Some portions of 
our people believe that this bill, as it now stands, 
is a«yainst their interests. Many of the 
in iron, in various mechanical trades, and per- 
sons enøaged in our shipping interests, believe that 
this bill is against their interests. There is in my 
Slate, to-day, and there is in New England, and 
there is in the country, a large portion of the com- 
munity that would prefin to rest under the tariff 
act of 1857. 
I think the friends of this measure ought to 
extend this time at least to one year, and I shall 
I shall vote ugainsl the proposition of 
so vote. 
the Senator from New York, increasing it to two 
years, and | 
vote for one year, as I believe 
that to be O'onable time. 
I know that is the 
opinion of many persons in New Y ork and Bos- 
ton, importers and business noen engaged in the 
If that should bc voted down, 
shipping interest. 
I shall vote to strike out the whole section, and 
leave the warehousing system precisely and ex- 
shall do it because I believe 
actly as now is. 
the permanent interests of the whole country will 
bc promoted by so doing. Pass this bill, strike 
out this warehousing system, and, in no y judg- 
ciple of protection in a revenue bill. 
In such a 
case, I am willing, as I have done throughout, to 
increase the duties upon the foreign manufacture 
to that extent which will bring into action the 
wheels of our own industry, and, through the 
agricultural and mineral interests, the rawr mate- 
rial for manufacture. 
I thank the honorable Senator from Massachu- 
setts for his support upon this bill of this measure 
of mine, upon the principle of its expediency and 
wisdom. 
It is a great change, a very considerable 
change, in the policy of the country. It occurs 
at a peculiar time, under peculiar circumstances. 
I think it is wise to advance, and with that view, 
I have not moved to dimil)ish a single duty pro- 
posed by the committee who have reportéd this 
bill—not one. Although solicited by my constit- 
uents, who are merchants and importers, I have 
not moved for the reduction of the duty upon a 
single article. As the bill stands, it is a very large 
advance in the way of strengthenincy our own pro- 
ductions, agricultural and manufacturing. I think 
it is enough, without striking a blow at the most 
effective part of our system of commerce; and I 
beg of the Senate to consider, that in commerce 
is involved also another interest, which, in itself 
is a manufacturing one—that is, the interest in 
navigation. 
It is not wise to haste too fast in a 
matter of this kind. 
As I desire to bring tho question to a test of 
we extendéd the timer. foinpayihg.tthe 
to next July, five months fföm« 
considering it; then -there. ärethreé YnönthSgiven*. 
after that befoi•e a dime is to 
months fro'm the 1st of February; and. 
months after that to reship the. goddg and 
the money back. We did that; because wedid note 
desire to Inconvenience merchants who -have-a-IL 
ready goods in warehouse i especiallyiri -the-irres- 
ent state of the market. 
.:intended to suggegt-•to 
the Senator from California, if.- he -was favorable 
to the bill, by the consent of some members-Of the 
committee, that we would extend this a-ftey -the 
1st of July to four mohths,• and afte* the- duties 
were paid, eightmonths thereaftei•; and that is the- 
provision that was originally fixed in the ware- 
house year. 
The Senator from New York has told all- the 
favorable things to be said on one side of -this 
qtiestion, without considering or seeming to have 
dreamed that there was an-Other Side„ want-to 
state both sides. 
I think it Will be a gfeat 
venience to the merchants -to have this time:ex- 
tended fürther than we have extended it, So far 
simply as they would save the interest on the 
money that they would have to pay into the 
Treasury, and sometimes it would be at high 
rates; and I believe it is generally at high rates 
on the Pacific coast. For that reason, I haver a 
great deal stronger desire to accommodate the 
Pacific coast than I have these overgrown Cities 
on this side; but at the same time, I have a duty 
to do, and I think the committee considered that 
we had something to do, to protect the Trehsury 
of the United States. The goods in warehouse 
accumulate precisely at the time when our neces- 
sities are most pressing. Now, I will read thé 
amount of goods in warehouse in ordinarytimes. 
For three years, in ordinary times, they did not 
vary $200,000 from $22,000,000. This duty was 
changed ih 1857, and. by the 1st of July; (I do 
not know how much goods there had been there 
before, for 'I had not examined it,) there Were 
$56,000,000 in warehouse on which there shdirld 
be paid $16,906,000 duties. Those duties were 
reckoned upon the tariff after it was modified ; and 
when I came to make the calculation on the whole 
$56,487,000 at 30 per cent. duty on the liquor, it 
fell short $10,000 of the duties required upon 
those goods: There must have been a depieda- 
tion upon the revenue amounting to '$10,000. 
The whole amount of goods in warehouse, the 
whole $56,000,000, was liquor—brandies,- spirits, 
and wines. That was the condition of it on the 
1st of July, 1857. They are stored there for three 
years; and we are without the duties. The inter- 
est on those duties is $1 year, and more, 
too. We lay without the duty when it was 100 
I per cent. ; and these people leave their liquors 
there and agc them, and get them Beady for mar- 
ket; and, Gy the time they get aged, in about 
three years, t.hey fetch double what they would 
pay at first, and it is a-II at -the expense Of the 
Treasury. I do not think this Governmentisin 
a condition to lend these liquor deaiers half the 
capital on which they carry on their- business, 
and then turn around and hire it from them at 3 
per cent. a month, and be paid in their own 
money, as has been often done this winter. am 
willing to do anything reasonable. I do not want 
principle, I will, with the leave of the Senate, 
to distress merchants or to cripple commerce. I 
change my amendment, and make the term three 
think commerce is one of the leading interests of 
years instead of two years, and that will bring us 
the country; but I never in my life saw so exact- 
back to the real question in issue: whether we shall 
ing a set ofmcn as these commercial men, and es- 
not leave the warehousing system as it stands, 1 pecially these German Jews. [Laughter.] They 
propose to so leave it 
are not satisfied with anything. If you should 
Mr. SIIVfMONS. 1 think that is a better form give them three years, they would claim five, if 
in which to put the question, because to reducc it it took that time to age their liquor. 
from three to two years is praclically the same Now, Mr. President, I would do anything in 
thincr. The comm ittee have considered this sub- II 
reason for the convenience of commerce. We have 
ment, you will array against this mcasurea deep- ject. The bill, as it came from the Ho-use, only put off the collection of the duty for six months, 
seated hostility that wili bé felt hereafter in the allowed one month. We considered the peculiar , although we needed the money, and although 
country. I do not think we ought to incur tllat I condition of the country, as well as the condition we were paying 12 per cent. for it, rather than 
of the Treasury; and I will suggest to the Senate disturb the markets of the country, or to put any- 
hostility if it can be avoided. 
the considerations which presented themselves to body on uneasy conditions about paying this 
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it is 
thc committee. They were not unmindful of the duty. I wanted these merchants to have two sea- 
to live at all, if onc does not learn something in 
life. N'.lv first acquaintance with the subject of convenience of merchants, and especially of the sons to take these goods out; the -present spring 
season to dispose of what they could, and then to 
tariffs may be said to have begun some fourteen convenience of California and distant countries. 
years ao•o, when the warehousine systelil was, There was before this committee—at least there go into the fall trade and dispose Of the rest; be- 
was before me, and I invited some of the com- cause here is a revulsion in trade, and wo have so 
after a very extended debate in Congress and in 
i am perfectly willing now, with the 
the country, adopted against a very formidable mittcc to hear it, and I believe they were there provided. 
I thihk it is fourteen years acro; and part of the time—this committee from the Cham- consent of the committee, more to accommodate 
opposition. 
if there has been any policy in the country •which I ber of Commerce of New York. They were very the Pacific coast than anything else, to make it 
has vindicated itself by its entire success, by its I favorable to the alteration the committee had four monthsafterthe IstofJuly, before they shall 
In the first place, pay a dollar, and then give them eight months 
effect in augmenting the revenues of thc country, madc We had extended it. 
