932 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
afterwards to reship the goods, and takethe draw- the House to present the proceedings of a public 
back. -I am willing to do that. When the Sen- meetinæ held at Harpersville, in Broome county, 
otor from California suggested these things, I New York, against any alteration of the present 
went to different mem bers of the committee to see Constitution. 
Objection '.vas madc. 
Ifthey would agree to it; but as for allowing these 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. 1 present the 
two- or.three years, it is the most pernicious sys- 
petition of a large nnrnoer of citizens of Marengo, 
tem, both for the meychant and for the producer, 
that. ever vas imposed upon the country. ilt was McHenry county, Illinois, in favor of maintain- 
ing the Constitution, the Union, and for the en- 
thought- to be- for the advantage of -these great 
cities;. butit is the Worst thing to builda city up. forcement of the laws, and against all compro- 
I koöw that in my own State, small as the trade mises with traitors and all men* who are plotting 
the overthrow of the Government. Let it be -laid 
is -there, the warehouses. are filled with British 
good* on foreign account, sent there and sold by on the table. 
Mr. GROS*V. I have a number of petitions 
brokers going around with.samples. They some- 
myself in favor of the Union and the Constitution 
times bring a thousand, or ten thousand pieces, 
and them to the bleach works, and get them I as it is, which I desire to present to the House; 
stamped with the Rhode Island bleach worK but object to this whole practice of presenting 
I hope gentlemen will 
b petitions in open I-louse. 
stamps,i and put them in the market, pretendincr 
file their petitions under the rule. 
to be' American manufacture. All sorts of con- 
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the reg- 
trivances are resorted to to impose upon-the peo- 
ple of the country, through these warehouses. ular order of business is the call of committees for 
I reports of a private nature, commencing with the 
They bring in their goods by ship-loads, and we 
Committee on Indian Affairs. 
give them credit for the duties. 
Now, Mr. President, as said before, I have 
PRINTING OF A BILL. 
the most perfect conviction that we ought to limit 
Mr. STOUT. I ask the unanimous consent of 
this time; that •wye cannot afford to continue the 
t.hc House that the usual number of copies of 
present system. These duties will accumulatc 
upon us,- if we give a longer time than eight Senate bill No 11 
. —the Oregon •and Washington 
war-debt bill—with the report of the House Com- 
months. The debenture bonds will accumulate, 
mittee on Military Affairs thereupon, be printed. 
The9e goods are exported in times of revulsion. 
a proper reward to Mr. Harris for negotiating the 
treaty. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The is 
mistaken. This is for compensation for services 
in negotiating a treaty with Siam, entirely outside 
of his duties in Japan, and before his salary com- 
menced. 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Harris 
went to Siam xvith a supplementary appointment 
as special commissioner to negotiate a treaty of 
commerce with that country. 
Mr. GARNETT. And no pay for it? 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. Not one cent. 
The bill passed the Committee on Foreign Rela- 
tions of the Senate unanimously, and also passed 
the Senate unanimously. 
Mr. GARNETT. i withdraw my objection 
to the bill. 
The bill was then passed. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider 
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also 
moved to iay the motion to reconsider upon the 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
PRENTIS CHAMPLAIN. 
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Inva- 
lid Pensions, reported back, with a recommenda- 
tion that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 655) grant- 
inff a pension to Prentis Champlain. 
'l'he bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ino• read the third time, and passed. 
'Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote 
and they come here upon us when we are getting 
the least money. We have seen the operation of 
it this year', and in other years. Whenever there 
comes a revulsion in trade, instead of receivino• 
money for" duties, the goods are all put in ware- 
house. They have increased from $22,000,000 to 
$60,000,000 since this revulsion commenced, and 
we have not received a dime of duties. 'These I 
men lay them up there, and we have to go into 
the market to borrow money. 
I am willing to agree to this system for a rea- 
sonable time, but three years is entirely too long. 
Take such a city as New York. The foreign I 
merchants send their goods over there, and put 
There being no objection, it was so ordered. 
TARIFF. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House to present, and have by the bilh was passed; and also moved to 
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means, 
I lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
New York against the tariff bill proposed in the I 
Sefiate. 
Mr. GROW. I demand the regular order of 
business. 
REPORT SELECT COMMITTEE. 
I desire to offer a 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 
resolution, providing for the printing of some 
extra copies of the report of the select committee 
them in warehouse. They might as well be in 
warehouse there as in London or Manchester. to investicrate Che recent abstraction of bonds from 
Then these' Jew brokers take samples around. 
the Interior Department. 
T Ile Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
They liv,e in. seven-by-nine rooms, and they go 
Resolved, 'l"hat twenty-five thousand extra copies of the 
around selling these goods by sample, aæainst the 
regular trader, and can undersell him. If I lived report made by the select cornmittcc appointed to investi- 
gate the facts pertaininc to the abstraction of bonds from 
in the city of New York, I would give money to 
the Interior Department, be printed for the use of tbc House, 
get rid of them, and let business be done by the I and five hundred for the use o? said Department. 
regular merchants. These brokers and hucksters 
Mr. PRYOR. 1 object to that resolution. 
never build up a city. Thev live upon $2 a week, 
IVIr. MORRIS, of Illinois. well, 1 give notice 
and dress like princes. We want merchants— 
that I will offer the reso]ut.ion on Monday next. 
men of capital, who own your vessels. Those 
It is not 
are the men to build up your cities. 
S. m KELLAR. 
CONSULAR AND LEGISLATIVE BILLS. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 ask that the request of 
the Senate for committees of conference on the 
consular and diplomatic bill, and on the legislative 
bill, be acceded to. 
It was so ordered; and Messrs. Conw1N, MILL- 
SON, and Momus of Pennsylvania, on the first- 
I named bill, and 1Mes.srs. SHERMAN, STEVENS of 
Pennsylvania, and Buncli, on the latter, were 
appointed managers on the part of the House. 
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 also ask that the amend- 
ments to the naval appropriation bill be referred 
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or- 
dered to be printed. 
It was so ordered. 
RECIPROCITY TREATY WITH ENGLAND. 
Mr. SHERI\'IAN. A letter from the Secretary 
of the Treasury, in regard to the reciprocity treaty 
with England, has been referred to the Committee 
It should have been re- 
of Ways and Means. 
these foreigners that come here to speculate upon On motion of Mr. WOODSON, the Committee 
your necessities. But I have no wish to protract 
on Indian Affairs was discharged from the further 
I hope the proposition of the Sena- 
consideration of the petition of S. B. Kcllar, pray- 
this debate. 
tor from New York will bc rejected. 
ing for the payment of damages for 
Mr. G WIN. W c cannot take a vote on this of c.ontract with an Indian agent; and the same 
question now; and as I desire to make some rc- 
II was laid upon thö table. 
marks upon it, I move that the Senate do now j 
TOWNSEND IIARRIS. 
adjourn. Oh, no ! 
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, from the Com- 
A division being called for, there were twenty I 
mittee on Foreign Affairs, reported back, with 
ayes. 
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and nays recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill No. I 
on this motion. We are now very close to the 1 274, fbr the relief of rrownscnd Harris, or his 
end of the session, and I do nbt think wc should heirs 01' legal representatives. 
i Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask that that bill 
adjourn at this time in the. evenino•. 
be put upor. its passage immediately. 
Several SENATORS. No yeas and nays. 
Mr. HALE. I am against adjourning; but if I Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. It is unani- 
the yens and nays are called on such a motion mously reported by the Committee on Foreign 
A ffairs. 
now, I Shull vote for it. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 ask that the bill 
Mr. CAMERON. Gentlemen all around me, 
friends of the bill, say I ought to withdraw the call 
be read. 
It directs the Secretary of 
for -the yeas and nays. In deference to them, I do The bill was read. 
go; but It is verv much against my own judginent. 
the Treasury to pay to Townsend Harris, or his 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There were 
I heirs or representatives, the stun of $10,000 for his 
twenty votes in the affirmative. The Chair will 
services and expenses in neeotiatino• a treaty of 
commerce between the kingdom of Siam and the 
now request those opposed to tho motion to rise. 
'I'he noes were seventeen. So the Senate United States. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. This treaty was 
adjourned. 
E negotiated by Mr. Harris, outside of his regular 
, official duties, and on his way to his official post. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
The bill passed the Senate unanimously, and I 
FRIDAY, February 15, 1861. 
presume there will be no objection to it in the 
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer House. 
by the Chaplain, Rev. THOMAS H. STOCKTON. 
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it 
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved. 
was accordingly read the third time. 
BURNETT. 1 call for the order 
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to say, in reference 
of business. 
to that bill, that I remember that last session, 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
when we established the mission to Japan, it was 
Mr. DUELL. I ask the unanimoua consent of placed upon the express ground that it was only i 
1 
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
ask that the change of reference be made. 
It was so ordered. 
NATIONAL DIFFICULTIES. 
Mr. LEE. I take occasion to present several 
petitions signed by a large number of citizens of 
my congressional district, with the prayer that 
the Senators and Representatives in Congress from 
the State of New York shall endeavor to reconcile 
existing difficulties, and shall 
such ample 
guarantees to all Union-loving men of the slave- 
holding States as will bring us again into relations 
of brot}lerhood and harmony. 
The petitions were laid on the table. 
R. W. MEADE. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 am directed bv the Com- 
mittee of Claims to report a joint resolution for 
the reiief of R. W. Meade, executor of Richard 
W. Meade, and to ask that it be. put upon i{.s pas- 
It makes no appropriation. 
sacre. 
The joint resolution was read a first and second 
time.. It remands the claim of R. W. Meade, 
executor of Richard Meade, deceased, to the 
Court of Claims, to be reheard on the proofs 
already in the case, with any additional testimony, 
and such further arguments as the claimant may 
offer under the rules of the court, so as to decide 
it on the merits of the case. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 object. 
Mt. MAYNARD. 1 hope there be 0b- 
jection. The resolution is only to allow a rehear- 
ing of the case. On the examination of the matter, 
the committee was satisfied that it came strictly 
