February 15, 
934 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
sequence oftheextremely technical grounds upon 
which, the decision of- the Court of Claims was 
made. 
Mr. STANTON. It be recollected that, 
at the last session of Congress, a resolution was 
passed allowing a rehearing of a certain claim 
before one of the Departments, and that we were 
Obliged the present session to pass an act repeal- 
ing that resolution. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 am perfectly willing to 
obviaté any diffculty of that kind by striking ont 
the clause which requires that the claim shall bc 
examined, on its rehearing, upon its merits; and 
to add a proviso Chat nothing within the resolu- 
tion- shall be construed 'into an expression of 
opinion as to the mérits or demerits of the claim. 
I ask for the yeas and nays upon the motion 
to lay •the resolution on the table. 
The yeas and nays were not ordered 
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to 
AZEL SPAULDING. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 am instructed by the Com- 
mittee of Claims to report a bill for the relief of 
Azel Spaulding. 
The bill was read a first and second time. 
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill makes an appro- 
priation simply to pay a pension agent $275 for 
the two per cent. on the money paid out by him 
prior to 1847. 'I suppose it will be better to put 
the bill on its passage at this time. 
The bill was read. 
There béing no objection, the bill was ordered 
to be engrossed, and read a third time; and beino• 
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time, 
and passed. 
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider thc vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to 
ISAIAH HATCH. 
Mr. HALE, from the Committec of Claims, 
made an adverse report on the case of Isaiah 
Hatch; which was laid upon the table, and or- 
dered to be printed. 
MARINE HOSPITAL AT NEWPORT. 
Mr. ELIOT , from the Committee on Commerce, 
made an adverse report on the case of the marine 
hospital at Newport, Rhode Island; which was 
laid.,upon the table, and ordered to be printed. 
FLORIDA INDIAN WARS. 
Mr. TRIMBLE, from the Committee on Pub- 
lic Lands, reported back House bill No. 572, 
granting bounty lands to soldiers engaged in the 
Indian wars of Florida since 3d March, 1855, 
with the recommendation that itdo not pass. The 
bill was laid upon the table, and the report or- 
dered to be printed. 
ADVERSE, REPORTS. 
Mr. TRåMBLE, from the Committee on Pub- 
lic Lands, also made adverse reports in the follow- 
ing cases; which were severally laid upon the 
table, and ordered to be printed: 
Petition of Julius Pierce, in behalf of Calvin 
Pease, for bounty land; 
Petition of Julius Pierce, pr•aying for certain 
amendments to the bounty land acts; 
Petition of the heirs of Edie Stewart, for bounty 
land; 
Petition of the heirs of George Jackson, pray- 
ing fora grant of bounty land on account of scr- 
vices in the war of 1812; 
Petition of David Johnson, asking for bounty 
land or a pension; and 
Memorial of forty-six privateersrnen frorn Mar- 
blehead, asking for bounty land under the act of 
3d March, 1855. 
TITLES TO CERTAIN LANDS IN ILLINOIS. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee 
on Public Lands, moved that that committee be i 
discharged fi•orn the further consideration of I-louse 
bill No. 875, to ascertain and adjust the titles to 
certain lands in the State of Illinois; and that it 
bc laid upon the table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider 
the vote by which the bill was laid upon the table; I 
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be 
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS. 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee 
on Public Lands, made an adverse report on the 
joint resolutions of Washington Territory, asking 
'Congress to donate to that Territory ten million 
acres Of land in aid of the territorial internal im- 
provement fund: which was laid upon the table, 
and ordered to be printed. 
ADVERSE REPORTS. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, the Com- 
mittee on Commerce, moved that that committec 
be discharged from the further consideration of 
sundry memorials; and that -they be laid upon 
the table. 
The motion was agreed to 
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now move that the rules 
be suspended, and that the House res%lve itself 
into the Committee of the 'Whole on the state of 
the Union, with a view to take up the Post Office 
appropriation bill. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope not. we ought to 
finish the call upon the committees for reports in 
private cases. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am perfectly willing to 
have the call gone through with, provided it be 
the understanding that my motion shall not be 
superseded by the special order. 
The SPEAKER The Chair hears no objec- 
tion, and will take it as ordered accordingly. 
KANSAS TROUBLES. 
Mr. CONWAY, by unanimous consent, pre- 
sented joint resolutions of Kansas, asking Con- 
gress to appropriate $500,000, or an amount sum- 
cient for the payment of claims awarded to the 
citizens of Kansas by the claim commissioners 
of Kansas, for losses of property in consequence 
of the existence of the political troubles which 
prevailed so generally in the early history of the 
Territory of Kansas; which was referred to the 
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be printed. 
IIOCKADAY & LIGGET 
Mr ALLEY. I am instructed the Commit- 
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report 
back Senate biil 551, for the relief of Hock- 
aday & Licrgct, with the recommendation that it 
do pass. ask that the bill be now put on its 
passaoe. 
The bill, which was read, provides that the sum 
of $40,000 be ailowed to Hockaday & Ligget, in 
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider 
has already been submitted, and laid upon the 
table. 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBrA BUSINESS. 
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Speaker, 1 ask the unan- 
imous consent of thc House for leave to present 
the following resolution. It is one that, in my 
judgment, ought to be passed at once. 
'The Clerk read, as follows: 
Resolved, That next Tuesday be set apart for the trans- 
action of the business for the District of Columbia, and that 
the business for the District be made the special order for 
that day. 
MY WINSLOW. 1 object, 
FREDERICK VINCENT. 
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, moved 
that the Committee of the Whole House on the 
Private Calendar be discharged from the further 
consideration of Senate bill No. 275, for the relief 
of Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Le 
Caze, surviving partner of Le Caze & Mallet, 
and that it be referred to the Committee on Rev- 
olutionary Claims. 
The motion was agreed to. 
GREENBF,RRY M. MATTHEWS. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wiscansin, from the 
Committee on Private Land CMims, reported a 
bill for the relief of Greenberry M. Matthews, of 
Montgomery county, Maryland ; which was read 
a first and second time by its title. 
It provides 
The bill was then read in ectenso. 
for the canceling of a certain land warrant, and 
the issue of another in its stead. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to 
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed; 
full payment for damages sustained by tliern in 
reduction of pay for carrying the mails on route I 
No, 8911, and that said amount be paid to Wil- I 
liam Ligget, for and on account of Hockaday & 
Ligg?t, and for their bcnefit, out of any moneys 
in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise 
appropriated. 
'The bill was ordered to be read a third time; 
and it was accordingly read the third time, and 
passed. 
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by 
and also moved that the motion to reconsid be 
laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
POST OFFICE BILL. 
Mr.V4ERMAN. As of the commit- 
tees is now through, I move that the rules be sus- 
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union 
Pending that motion, I move that the Post Office 
appropriation bill be made the special order in 
committee. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
The motion to go into the Committee of the, 
Whole on the state of the Union was then agreed 
to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into the 
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 
(Mr. WINSLOW in the chair,) and proceeded to 
the consideration of the bill (El. R. 971) making 
appropriations for the service of the Post Office 
Department during the fiscal year cnding the 30th 
of June, 1862. 
T3y unanilnous consent, the first reading of the 
and also moved that bill was dispensed with 
which the bill was passed; 
laid. upon {he table. 
The latter motion was agreed to 
thc motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
JOHN PEBBLES. 
Mr. TAPPAN. 1 am Instructed by the Com- 
mittce of Claims to report back Senate Court of 
Claims bill No. 125, for the relief of John Pee- 
bles, with the recommendation that it do pass. It 
is for a small sum, and I hope it will be now put 
on its passage. It directs the Secretary of the 
Treasury to pay to John Pecblcs the sum of 
twenty-five dollars, in full for his services as sur- 
veyor, performed under the direction of John 
Cuthbert, timber agent for the southern district of I 
Alabama. 
The bill was ordcrcd to be read a third time; 
and it was accordingly read the third time, and 
passed. 
Mr. NAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by 
which the. bill was passed; and also moved that 
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
AZEL SPAULDING—AGAIN. 
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill for the relief of Azel Spaulding 
was passed. That bill appropriates some two 
hundred and seventy-five dollars as percentage. 
I wish to inquire whether Mr. Spaulding received 
any salary at the time? 
'The bill was then read by plauses for amend- 
ment. 
The following clause being u nder consideration : 
For colnpellsation to postmasters, $2,728,734. 
Mr. COLFAX said: am instructed by the 
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to 
offer the following amendment: 
Strike off $28,734, and to add as a proviso to the clause 
just. read : 
Provided, That no compensation shall be paid to post- 
masters, after the 30th of Junc, 1861, tor the delivery of free 
letters or papers to their recipients. 
can explain this amendment in a few words. 
By a singular anomaly in the post omce laws, 
although postmasters receive no compensation for 
the delivery of public documents and franked 
speeches, yet there are two branches of free mat- 
ter for the distribution of which they do receive 
compensation out of the 'Treasury. One is one 
cent for the delivery of free letters, for which the 
Government receivesnopostagc. The other grosvs 
out of the delivery of newspapers distributed free 
of postage in the county where they are published 
The postmasters are allowed two mills for the de- 
livery of each of such papers, which amounls to 
ten and one fifth cents per year for the delivery of 
weekly papers in the counties where they are pub- 
lished, while the Government receives no postage 
at all, but carries such paper free. 
