1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
Upon conference with the Post Offce Depart- 
ment., it was thought this would save $30,000 a 
year. The postmasters are required by lassv to 
distribute all other free matter for which no com- 
pensation is received by the Department. We 
want to make the-law general, that no compensa- 
tion shall for the delivery of free matter. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. WHITELEY. 1 desire to offer an amend- 
ment, to come in afterline thirty-six, in reference 
to the salaries of route agents. I wish to call the 
attention of the chairman of the Committee on the 
Post Office and Post Roads to this fact: two weeks 
ago we increased the salaries of the clerks in the 
Washington city post offce, on account of the 
amount of documents which they are compelled 
I wish to call his attention to the fur- 
to handle. 
ther fact, that last year, upon his own motion, 
the salaries of the route agents throughout the 
country were fixed at $800 each. Now, sir, I de- 
sire to say that the salaries of the route agents be- 
tween Washington and Philadelphia, and Wash- 
ington and Richmond, should be increased upon 
the same principle upon which the salaries of the 
clerks in the post offce here were increased. The 
truth is, they have more to do with the handling 
of documents than the clerks in the city post offcc. 
I therefore propose the following amendment: 
That the salaries of route agents from Washington to 
Philadelphia, and from Washington to Richmond, shall be 
$1,000. 
Mr. COLFAX. I am opposed to this amend- 
ment, because I believe that you can find plenty ot 
competent and experienced persons to perfbrm 
those duties at the present rate of compensation. 
The gentleman is mistaken in saying that we rec- 
ommended the other day an increase of the com- 
pensation of the clerks in the city post office here. 
What we did was merely to continue a law which 
was passed in 1854, upon the motion of Mr. Rusk, 
of Texas, then chairman of the Senate Post Oflice 
Committee, providing that there should be a small 
fund out of which clerks in the city post ofiicc of 
this city shall be paid forcxtra labor imposed upon 
them, limiting the amount to #250 to each clerk. 
The amount allowed to the clerks in post offices 
is based upon the commissions accrumg to that 
offce. Now, in a post offce like this, where the 
mails, both incoming and outgoing, are mostly 
composed of free matter, the revenue must be 
very much curtailed. The enormous amount of 
free matter which passes through the city post 
offce requires the services of a larger number of 
clerks than is required by any other post office 
in the country collecting the same amount of post- 
ages. 
Mr. x„VHITELEY. Do 1 the gen- 
tleman to say that the clerks in this office are paid 
by commissions? I believe they receive a regular 
salary, let their duties be what they may. ri'he 
truth in reference to these documents is, that most 
of them are put up here in bags and carried di- 
rectly to the railroad, when the route wrents have i 
all the trouble of them. 
Mr. COLFAX. The clerks in the post office 
here receive a regular salary, I concede; but the 
number of clerks must be regulated by the amount 
of money which can be paid them out of the com- 
missions of the office. Where almost the entire 
amount of the nails, outgoing and incoming, are 
composed of free matter, the number of cferks 
must be diminished if their salaries are limited by 
the amount of postages accruing. 
In recommending, the other day, the continu- 
ation of the old law of 1854, we only acted upon 
the recommendation of the Post Office Depart- 
ment, which was concurred in by the committee 
of the Housc unanimously. But the Post Offce 
Department has not asked for an increase the 
salaries of the route aøcnts, and I do not think it 
necessary. 
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire simply to say to 
the chairman of the Committeeeon the Post Office 
and Post Roads, that an amendment to pay the 
same percentage to the route agents, not to exceed 
$250, which is paid to the clerks in thc city post 
offce here, ought to pass. The clerks here get 
$1 200 and $1,400 a year, while the route agents 
get only $800. I only ask that the same degree 
of justice shall be extended to the route agents 
greater degree, and they are more entitled tö the 
$250 than thc clerks are. The clerks in'the p6ét 
omce receive most of these documents packed in 
I do not at all mean to detract from their 
bags. 
I do not mean to say that -they are not 
labors. 
entitled to thc $250; but I do mean to say—and 
say it to the chairman of the Committee on the 
Post Office and Post Roads—that these route agents 
are entitled to it in an enlarged degree, for they 
take the documents in bulk, take them out of the 
wacons at the cars, and have harder work in ref- 
erence to them than the clerks in the post offce 
have. It is but manifest fairness that this amount 
should be accorded to them, at the rate of one,mill 
per pound, not t.o exceed in all $250. The gen- 
tleman from Indiana, who has given so much at- 
tention to this matter, will see the fairness of (his 
proposition, and I hope he will agree to it. When 
thawgentleman goes into the Post Offce Depart- 
ment—and I may say, without any eulogy, that 
I hope he may bo permitted to do so—he will have 
a better practical knowledge of these matters, and 
I know he will agree to this proposition as soon 
as he investigates it. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 would like to try the 
periment of equalizing the other pay. I would 
' route agents" and provide 
move to strike out 
that the clerks shall not receive more than $800. 
Gentlemen talk about equalizing, but they always 
equalize up, while I would rathcr equalize down. 
Mr. WI-IITELEY. wo equalized last year 
.For instance, the 
upon these very route agents. 
route agents between Philadelphia and Washing- 
ton were receiving $1,000. And upon the motion 
of the chairman of the Cornmittee on the Post 
Offce and Post Roads, they were cut down to 
$800. 
There is another consideration in reference to 
this matter worthy of consideration. These route 
If their 
aaents have really to live in two cities. 
home is in Philadelphia, their odd nights are 
spent here. 'Ilhus they are subjected to a great 
deal of extra expense; and, as I said before, they 
perform the bulk of the labor in reference to these 
documents. All our books are packed in bags; 
and if they go to the city post offce at all, they 
are merely handed to the pavement and placed 
in the mail wagons. The clerks in the city post 
omce have nothing to do with them. The route 
I 
agents have the handling of them altogether. 
think it nothing more than just and fair to give to 
thosc who do this labor $200 a year more than 
they now receive; or rather, as I have rnodified 
the amendment, to say that their salaries shall not 
begin, to 
gaged in 'handlilig -th•esé •mäils;.tliö 
will- find will •be" that' then poßtmastérs iin-lotbet 
omces besides -that avWashingtöii' city:pWiWapÉIy 
for an increase of pay; with 
tice. All the route agents- have ithäse 
bulky bags of documehtsis to 
cars from the -mail messengerSj Who •yasgidt*åv« üt- 
ting them •on the •cars,' th$Y u€e:pile u? 
there, and when: they arrivema-t 
are thrown outwithout any extra care; as Ikhov 
from personal observation', because- they ri6t 
handled with as much Care as: bags of'lét,ters, 
is -it- needful that they should be. All; the;roüte 
agents have to do with these bags Of documents ig 
to assist in putting them on the cars and in taking 
them off. I can see no reason for this proposed 
increase of salary. 
Mr. HUGHES. 1. think it very bad policy to 
pay inadequate salaries, incommensurate with the 
labors androsponsibilities connected with 'the 
charge of the duties of an offce; and Lknow„that 
the duties upon these-two routes are very oner- 
ous and responsible. Allow Ime to Say, Iii con- 
nection with- my first„proposition, thåt: I: haverno 
question that, if you were to put up all 
under this Government at public auctiöh to the 
lowest bidder,' you would find ;men- who would 
discharge, for $500 a year, the duties of omees 
for *Which we now pay $2,000, being dear?at that. 
You will find many a. man v,'ho will fill the dffée 
of President of the United States for $1,000 a yea!, 
if you will give it to him, and he will make per- 
haps $100,000 annually by the bargain; and so 
It is, in my judgment, the 
with all our ofices. 
worst possible policy that the Government could 
I adopt to pay low salaries for-important servicess 
i It is anti-democratic; not in a party, but in-a gen- 
eral and political sense. I am always in,favor of 
paying a good, fair salary to every man whö 
charges duties under the Government'in propor- 
tion to their importance- and responsibility.' I 
am satisfied that it is the best- possible bond for 
fidelity that you can exact froin• your public om- 
I know that offcers of the engineers ate 
cers. 
placed upon their honor, and with very .inäde- 
quate compensation. They give rio bonds, •arid 
yet millions and millions of dollars are disbui•sed , 
simply upon tho honor of the offcer and upon his 
commission, with the greatest economy and hon- 
esty. These route agents have not: only Very 
Ileavy physical labors devolved upon them, but 
very grave responsibilities. I would wish to -pay 
the route agents upon all the more important lines 
exceed $1,000, giving the Postmaster General far larger salaries than they now receive; and I 
power to raise them from $800 to $1,000, if he do hope that the House will agree to increase the 
salaries of the agents upon these two routes to 
sees fit. 
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Chairman, oppose the 
amendment' of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. 
STANTON,] to reduce the salary of these clerks in 
the Post Office. 
The CHAIRMAN That amendment. was not 
received . 
Mr. COLFAX. In reply to the gentleman from 
Delaware, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, 
I will state, what they very well know, that the E 
route. agents are off duty part of the time, while 
the clerks in the post office are on duty all the 
time, the whole year round. So that that argu- 
ment falls. The gentleman shakes his head, as 
much as to say, that the route agents are not off 
duty part of the time. He is aware that there are 
always, upon every large mail route, a surplus of 
route agents, and they alternate. 
Mr. WHITELEY. Not between here and 
Philadelphia; and I am {old that they even have 
to run on Sundays. 
Mr. COLFAX. I know that, as a general rule, 
there is a surplus of route aoents, because men 
cannot go over a route every day, distributing 
mail matter, handlino heavy bags, stdnding on 
their feet all the time, without relaxation. 
Mr. WI-II'I'ELEY. I am told by these agcnt.s 
—I know nothing about the matter personallv— 
that there are no extra agents upon the route •be- 
tween here and Philadelphia; and "Then they are 
sick they have to pay a man to go in their places, 
the small amount asked for" by the gentleman 
from Delaware. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 desire merely to say to 
and Post Roads, that the route agents between 
this city and Philadelphia are: empioyed- all their 
time. There is artrain that leaves this city at 
twenty minutes after Six o'clock in the mormng, 
and they are occupied till two o'clöCk,- p. m. 
They leave Philadelphia next day at twelve 
o'clock, and are occupied till -six o'clock, p. m. 
Then there is a night lines which leaves Philadel- 
phia at eleven o'clock at night; and arrives here 
at six cPclockin the morning, and they are occu- 
pied the whole night. Then, sir, they work séveh 
days in the week, and are not exempted from 
work on Sundays. There is also a slower line 
that occupies several hours a day, leaving here 
early in the morning, and reaching Philadelphia 
at half past. three o'clock. 
Now, I ask nothing more in relation to this 
matter than that a simplc act of justice shall be 
done to these men, and that the same allowance 
shall be made to them as is made to the clerks in 
the post offce, who manipulate the same docu- 
'Ehe gentleman from Indiana suggests 
ments. 
that the postmasters along the route may ask the 
same compensation. Sir, they are not entitled to 
it, because they do not handle this entire amount 
of documents that pass through the hands of these 
route agents, and is distributed by them along the 
out of their own salaries. 
Mr. COLFAX. Onc word further upon this I route. This is not a propositiomto increase the 
subject. Iam surprised at the st>itement ofthe gen- 
tlenhan from Delaware, in reference to the route give these six or eight persons the same compen- 
from Washington to Philadclphia, and from 
Washington to Richmond, as is extended to the between here and Philadelphia, because, I sup- 
for handling these same documents. The whole 
clerks here, for the reason that they manipulate posed there were always one or more surplus route 
the same documents that the clerks do, only in a agents upon all the great mail routes. But if you amount will not také $2,000. It does not involve 
