1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
997 
effect of defeating the ,passage? of the bill. W:hy; 
sir, there is no similarity between this amendment 
and' the one on which the quarr.el between the 
Senate and House •grew up in thö last session. 
That wasa peremptory•requirement upon the part 
of Congress, that tbe Postmaster General should 
reéstablish this service. And let me tell the gen- 
tleman , that two thirds of the members of the 
House at the last session voted half a dozen times 
for that amendment. Yes, sir, the members of 
this House, representing the people, the men at 
the cross-roads who are the sufferers from the 
curtailmen t of the mail service—two thirds of them 
have voted halfa dozen times for the absolute res- 
toration of this service. 
It is true, that amend- 
ment gave rise to a good deal of feeling. The 
Postmaster General came. into this House and en- 
deavored personally to induce members of the 
House to vote against it. Finally, as the last 
sands of the session were running out, the amend- 
ment was defeated by the act of a committee of 
conference, and the House receded, I am sorry 
to say, from thé high position it had assumed in 
defense of the rights of the people. 
Sir, we are here ready to vote away millions 
upon millions of dollars for almost everything; 
but when you come to consider the question of 
mail service upon the little routes for the benefit 
of our constituents, you say the proposition must 
not be adopted ; and that the Senate will defeat the 
whole appropriation bid, if it is. 
Now, sir, I hope this amendment will be adopted. 
It is simply saying to the Postmaster General, 
You shall examine these routes, one by one; 
and shall determine in each case what the public 
interest demands; and whether there shall be a 
reéstablishment of the mail service or not. 
Mr. Chairman, I speak feelingly in this matter 
in reference to my own district. 
In the last Con- 
gress, I had some statistics prepared showing that, 
m that district, the maii facilkties 'uvere cut off to 
some twenty-eight thousand dollars; yet that dis- 
trict paid into the Treasury, beyond the expenses 
of the post offces, a surplus of $22,000; while, 
in certain other districts in another part of the 
country, not paying $4,000 into the Treasury, the 
mail service was not curtailed or interfered with 
at all. 
Now, sir, I have heretofore been in favor of the 
Congress of the United States—if this House of 
Representatives would hold the purse-strings of 
the nation—sayirp to the Postmaster General, 
" You shall restore these routes, every one of 
them;" but in the condition which the Treasury 
is in at this time, I am willing to leave the matter 
where this amendment leaves it, in the discretion 
o? the Postmaster General, after examining the 
routes with reference to the wants of the people, 
to restore them or not, as he may see. proper. 
Bat suppose the House refuse to adopt the 
amendment, and a member comes before the Post- 
master General and asks for the restoration of 
service on a particular route: he will be told that 
the matter has already been decided- upon by the 
Department; that the question has once been de- 
terrnincd, and that, according to the rules that 
govern the Department, he cannot take up the 
case. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 wish to ask the gentle- 
man from Iiiino•occupying as he does a high 
position in his party, whether he is prepared to 
say the new Postmaster General vy'ill feel himself 
bound by the action of his predecessor in this I 
decision made by his predecessor; it will,' in my 
judgment, materially Weaken coxifidcnce in the 
new Administration. 
Mr. GROW. Yes; there is a good deal that 
requires reéxamination. 
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have yet to learn that the 
Execu tive Departments actin the manner indicated 
by the gentleman from Illinois, in adjudicating 
upon the matter of putting mail service upon the 
post routes of the country. During my expe- 
ricnce, from time to time, •the Post Office Depart- 
ment has refused to increase the service upon par- 
ticulat routes, and afterwards tlke service has been 
increased; but ncver have I met with the oujec- 
tion that a particular Postmaster General declined 
to increas•e the service upon a route because his 
predecessor had so declined, or because the Post- 
master General had previous to that time exam- 
ined and decided the case. 
I submit, Mr. Chair- 
man, that the Postmaster General has it now in his 
power, if he desires, to increase the service upon 
that route, if, in his judgment, the interest of the 
publicdemandit. Butif this amendment be adopt- 
ed, it will be construed by him into an instruction 
to restore the service -upon all those discontinued 
rou tes under the action of the Postmaster General 
in 1859, whether it is required by the public inter- 
est or not. 
This amendment was discussed during the last 
session of Congress and came near leading to the 
defeat of the Post Offce appropriation bill -at that 
time; and I shall be sorry to see any such amend- 
ment placed upon this bill. 
A new Administration is soon to be organized, 
and the gen tleman from Illinois is one of the friends 
and supporters of that Administration. If that 
Administration act with partiality in deciding 
upon questions like these, then it will be partial on 
behalf of its political supporters and friends. 
Therefore, sir, it seems to me that the gentleman 
from Illinois is the last gentleman who, in advance, 
ought to express distrust of the gentlenaan who 
may occupy the position of Postmaster General 
in the incoming Administration. 
I say that the 
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, which 
is now pending, does exhibit distrust of the abil- 
ity and the integrity of the person who is to fill 
the offce of Postmaster General for the next four 
years. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I 
think, with the gentleman from Illinois, that the 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means 
has not read the amendment, or else he would not 
make the objection he does. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have heard it read. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. This amendment 
is scarcely akin to the amendment of the last ses- 
. Sion of Congress, upon which the House and the 
Senate differed so much. My colleague and the 
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means 
forget that the amendment of the last session was 
i an absolute order upon the Postmaster General 
to restore the routes that had been discontinued. 
Mr. PHELPS 1 am aware that there is a dif- 
ference of phraseology between the amendment 
now pending and that adopted at the last session 
of Congress. I give it as my opinion that, if this 
amendment be adopted, it will be construed as 
mandatory upon the Postmaster General. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 
can assure my 
colleague that if the head of the incoming Admin- 
istration shall select for Postmaster General a fair- 
minded and reasonable gentleman, there will be 
no such construction as that he states put upon 
If the President elect should 
the amendment. 
ple. u pon, the inland routesæhieb have\beén -dig' 
continued. 
Mr. -MAYNARD: ' 
-man, that the ampndment does?expvess•,' 
ion of our own, instead of leaving the réSiö*aEiOi 
of service on any route that has beeh,discontiåüed- 
to ,théns discretion o;f$the upon 
an examination of ill the; facts broughttffhisrnog. 
tice. • I recolie_ct thaVI applied;, tosthe 
master, General under this Administa•ätionj -torre- 
store- service tupon a 90S_t route in. my} 
which had. been discontinued, : After the åOtsof 
the case had been presented, he declined-totestoi:e 
the service. On the: •death of- Governor . Brown, 
application was made to his successor. Thé case 
was reopened , and, upon a reéxamination the'$er- 
vice was restored. I do not know why the De- 
-partment cannot do the same thing in referenge:to 
every post route where, service has been discon- 
tinued. I think that we should leave it to the 
discretion of the Post Offce Department-to decide, 
after a review of the facts in each case, whether 
service shall be restored or not; 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 
ing amendment to the amendment: 
The Clerk read, as follows: 
and proudedfurthér, That this appropriation hereby 
made on condition that the Postmaster Genera-I examine 
and inquire for what compensation the round trip, and -in 
what description of steam:vessels asto structure, speed, 
and dimensions, the United States mails to aid from •San 
Francisco, in California, and Shangbae, in Clijna-, monthly, 
can be carried and delivered, rand to refort to the next Cön- 
gress at its opening his opinion thereof. 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 make the 
point of order that that amendment is not ger- 
mane to my amendment. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the 
point of order. 
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, 
me that the statement of the gentleman-from Illi- 
nois is a very extraordinary one. He alleges 
that when the Department once decides against 
restoring a service, the usage will not permit the 
matter to be reopened for reexamination. That is a 
most extraordinary propositiön, that in the chang- 
ing business and population of this Ob.untry a 
Postmaster General cannot at any time determine, 
under the necessities of the country, for or against 
the restoration of any service without regard to 
a previous decision of the Department, made on-a 
different state of facts. Certainly the gentleman 
must be mistaken. 
If the gentleman from Illinois shall accomplish 
anything by the amendment which •he proposes, 
it will simply be to cast the imputation on the Post 
Offce Department that he has no confidence that 
it will do its duty; or, in other words, that has 
to be spurred up to it by the action of the two 
Houses. I am sorry that my friend from Illinois 
should here, in advance, undertake to amend an 
appropriation bill which does not take effect until 
the 1st of July next, in such a way as to indicate 
a want of confidence in the incoming Administra- 
lion. I have heard rumors that there was dissat- 
isfaction to the new Administration in certain 
quarters; butthe gentleman is the last one in whom 
I would have anticipated finding any such feeling. 
[Laughter.] 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of ffllinois. 1 have. no 
doubt that my advice, expressed through a vote 
of the House in regard to the duty ofa Postmas- 
ter General, would be received, and that consid- 
eration given to it to which it is entitled. 
Mr. STANTON. 1 will not cast such an im. 
putation upon the incoming. Administration as to 
respect ? 
Mr. WASHBURNE,0f111inois. Ibeheve, by 
the rules of the Department, when a matter has 
once been decided, il is not to be reopened. It is 
not considered as within the rules for one offcer 
to revise the opinions of his predecessor in regard 
I say, therefore, 
to these matters of business. 
that when a member of this House goes to the 
Department and applies for a restoration of ser- 
vice on a particular route, he will be told, I'vly 
predecessor acted upon these routes;" and, if this 
amendment shall be voted down, he wikl be told, 
also, that " the House of Representatives also 
sustained my predecessor in that action when the 
matter was brought deliberately before them; 
they decided that there was to bc no restoration 
of mail service in thc country. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 made my inquiry a mo- 
ment ago for the reason that, if it is to be under- 
stood that the Postmaster General under the new 
Administration is in no case to reéxamine any 
take, as I hope he will, my friend from Indiana, I give any vote that will indicate that this House has 
[Mr. COLFAX,] I will bc responsible that he will an apprehension that the Post Office Department 
will not do its whole duty without a special and 
never give the amendment any such construction. 
extraordinary act of Congress. 
The contest at the last session of Congress, I re- 
Now, Mr. Chairman, i very much hope my 
member very well, was one between the Senate— 
headed by the President and Postmaster General— friend from Indiana [Mr. COLFAX] will be ap- 
and this House, and the people who desired to 
get their letters and papers by mail. I believe 
that the amendment of [he last session ought to 
have been enacted into law. I believed then, asl 
do now, that the service which has been discontin- 
ued ought to be restored. When I heard the pend- 
, I ing amendment read, I did not suppose that any 
gentleman upon this floor, or any gentleman in the 
United States, would object to having the matter 
reviewed, and service restored wherever the pub- 
lic interest and the condition of the 'Treasury 
I hope that the amendment will 
would permit it. 
be adopted, and that justice will be done the peo- 
pointed Postmaster Generaf, and I will cast no 
such imputation upon him. have no apprehen- 
Sion that anybody will be charged with the duties 
of that Department who will need any such insti- 
gation on the part of Congress. •Whatever reason 
there may have been for the adoption of the amend- 
ment at the last session, when the Administration 
had a year to run, there is none for it now; because 
a change in the Post Offce Department is unavoid- 
able. There is no reason now to apprehend that 
the Postmaster General next year-will not do his 
duty without this amendment. 
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois, Mr Charr- 
