1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
read a third time; and, being engrossed, it was 
accordingly read the third -time, and passed. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by whicb the bill was passed, and also moved o 
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
STATE OF UNION. 
Mr. SHERMAN. the motion 
to postpone t\he special order. 
The House then, as the regular order of busi- 
ness, resumed the consideration of the special 
order, being the report of the select committee of 
thirty-three upon the present disturbed state of 
the country, on which Mr. VANDEVER was en- 
titled to the floor. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Mr. Speaker, it with 
no small reluctance that I obtrude myself upon 
the attention of the House at this time; but the 
Important issues depending, and the large in terests 
which the constituency that I represent, in com- 
mon with the whole American people, have in 
these issues, impel me to lay aside all scruples 
and state some of the considerations which will 
control me in the vote that I may soon be called 
1 bélieve this is the first time in 
upon to cast. 
our history v..rhen we have been called upon to 
sanction the incorporation of new guarantees for 
slavery in the Constitution. I desire to say— 
and I believe I express the opinion of the peo- 
ple that I represent when I say, that I am for 
maintaining all the conditions in t.be bond as our 
fathers nominated it But this demand for new 
guarantees is made, upon pain of a dissolution 
of the Union if it shall be refused. This we 
have heard in the discussion upon this floor, and 
elsewhere. Now, sir, whatever might be the dic- 
tates of my own judgment in reference to this 
matter, it seems to me that conujliance under the 
circumstances would not be a froe act ; 
it would 
at all events, to some considerable extent, be re- 
garded as a concession under menaces and con- 
straint; and coercion I understand is what gentle- 
men on the other side very much deprecate. 
But, sir, in addition to this, I call attention to 
the declarations which have been recently made 
in the public journals, and which I believe have 
been repeated upon this floor, that unless these 
demands are assented to, we may reasonably ex- 
pect that the incoming Administration will be 
crippled for want of money to carry on the Gov- 
ernment; that the men who hold the purse-strings, 
those who control capital, will withhold supplies 
from the Government in this the day of its neces- 
sity Sir, I believe I speak the sen timent of the 
people of the Northwest v..rhen I say, calmly and 
deliberately, that we are not to be intimidated by 
threats or influenced by bribes. A patriotic con- 
stituency, in the State of Iowa, will faith fully fulfill 
and observe all their constitutional obligations; 
they will observe all the guarantees in the Con- 
stitution as it exists to-day; but neither traitors 
nor Shylocks shall exact from us more. 
Sir, the issue now presented in this demand for 
new guarantees for slavery was, but a few short 
months since, settled by a verdict of the Ameri- 
In May last, a national Democratic 
can people. 
convention assembled in the city of Charleston, 
South Carolina, and, as we all know, this demand 
was made there, aiid rejected.. We know that a 
portion of the committee on resolutions in that 
body reported favoring new cruarantees and pro- 
tection for slavery in the Territories of thc Uni- 
ted States. These resolutions were voted down, E 
and thereupon the advocates of new' ffuarantees 
and of the protection of sla.very withdrewr from 
that convention, and nominated a ticket of their 
own. The remaining portion of that convention, , 
being a majorityofit, declined to indorse any such I 
monstrous doctrine. Afterwards, at Baltimore, , 
they nominated a separate ticket, and the two 
factions of the party went before the country upon 
that issue. A few months later, the issue was 
settled by the people at the polls, and the claim for 
new guarantees repudiated by them, as it had 
previously been in the Charleston convention. 
for President the honorable Senator from Illinois; 
..received something less than one million four 
hundred thousand votes. Thus this claim for 
new guarantees and protection was rejected by 
the Democratic party at the polls, as well as in 
convention. But this is not all; for if you add 
to that the vote of the so-called Union men; the 
supporters of the Bell-Everett ticket, who went 
to the country on the Constitution, the Uniön, 
and the enforcement of the laws," declining to 
sanction the demand made by the minority por- 
tion of the Democratic party, but resting them- 
selves upon an especial hostility to the claims of 
that faction, and charging it before the southern 
people with a design to break up this Union; 
when you add their vote to the vote of the con- 
trolling section of the Democratic party, you will 
find that the men who claim new constitutional 
guarantees wcrc in a minority, even in the South 
itself. 'l'heir claim was not only rejected in the 
Democratic convention and in the country at 
large, but itwas repudiated by their own section. 
And when you superadd to all this the whole vote 
cast for Abraham Lincoln, it will be found that, 
of the four million votes cast, not one fifth were 
in favor of this claim of a faction for new guar- 
antees for slavcry in the Territories of the Uni- 
ted States. 
Such is the verdict of *the American people; yet 
the issue is again prcscntcd to us on the floor of this 
House, and in the other end of the Capitol, as 
though the perpetuity of the Union now depended 
on our yielding to the current and granting the 
demand of those men who have failed to procure 
an indorsement of the people. 
Mr. HARms, of Virginia. Will the gentle- 
man from Iowa permit me to ask him a question ? 
Mr. VANDEVER. Yes, sir. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. 1 ask the 
man whether the doctrines of the Chicago plat- 
form have not been repudiated by nearly a mil- 
lion majority of the American peoplc ? 
Mr. VANDEVER. The gentleman can him- 
self enligl-kten the House on that particular point, 
if he desires to do so; but that is not within the 
line of my argument. Mr. Lincoln, like many 
other Presidents, has only a plurality of all the 
votes cast. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I prefer that the 
gentleman himself should answer the question. 
T hc linc of his argument is, that he ought to ad- 
herc to the Chicago platfonn, because only mi- 
nority of the people were in favor of the demand 
to protect slavery in tbc Territories. 
Mr. VANDEVER 1 have said nothing about 
the Chicacro platform. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. 1 ask the gentle- 
man whether a majority of the people of the coun- 
try have not, by their votes, repudiated the Chi- 
cago platform? 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 not said anything 
about the Chicago platform. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Butl wish to bring 
you to that very point. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 have been paying my 
respects to the Democracy I will soon reach the 
Republican side of the question. Now, as I said, 
thß revolutionary cabal , as it has since turned out 
to be, N,vhen it retired from the Charleston con- 
vention 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. May 1 bc allowed, 
Mr. Speaker, to interrupt the gentleman ? 
Mr. VANDEVER. Yes, if it will not come 
out of my time. 
The SPEAKER. It must come 
tleman's time, unless it is otherwise specially I 
stipulated. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Then 1 cannotgiveway. 
rl'here is no objection on this side i 
Mr. RUS'Y. 
to the gentleman having his time made up 
of the gentleman's time. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Then 1 un- 
less the gentleman thinks I have misstated the 
fucts. 
I only wish to 
Mr. CLARK, of 
The revolutionary cabal, as it has since turned correct the gentleman's statement as to a matter 
out to be, thus foiled, received at the polls, for i of fact. 
its candidate and platform, in November, less than Mr. VAN DE VER. I always give way for 
nine hundred thousand votes throughout the correction. 
length and breadth of this whole country; while ! I Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman 
that faction of the Democratic party which re- has undertaken to state the question on which the i 
mained - in possession of the convention, and convention•that nominated the Democratic candi- 
Güthern: maiit% I &otddfinåfi'y fdf'the 
nomination of, Judge 'DöuÉIaS* The-question tof 
the protectioh of the Territories-seems. 
not to be well undeiStööd byvthbß gentlémåntfrörn 
Iowa. It was a mootéd question in that?cOhV$Yfä 
tion whether the Cönstitution carried 
the Territories, or. :whetlier slaVerywas 
institution. Those who support'éd Judge tDoug.4 
las preferred to leave that to the? 
some of uskholding that, •under the' Conststutiön; 
we had a right to carry slaves into Tefritoriés; 
and some •holding thåt' it depended on- lödauegis• 
lation. The gentleman, theiefore,is in error when 
he supposes that this issue was made in that eon: 
vention. There was no such issue. As a matter 
of propriety, as a matter of safety, as matter rof 
policy i we wanted protection by the Constitution 
The Crittenden proposition is to give -that protece 
tion, and to give qüieb tom-the cöuntry North •and 
South on that great questiön. 
VANDEVER. 1 do not think 
tleman has varied' the proposition mateiiä'llyfröm 
what I stated it to be. I think the country isu'eJI 
satisfied to-day as to What was the propositionsof 
the minority at the Charleston convention.- It 
was based on the resolutions introduced by:' the 
Senator from Mississippi, in the• Senate of the 
United States. Mr. Calhoun himself made the 
samö'demand for specific pr0tection and guaran: 
tees for slave property in the Territories, which 
no other property had. My friend from Missouri 
says he was in favor of leaving it to the people 
of the Territory; but the minority of the Charles- 
ton convention would leave it neither to the peo- 
ple nor to Congress; but claimed that it was guar- 
antied to them independent of the people and 
Congress of the United States. I ain justified, 
therefore, in making the declaration,' that the 
turning point in that convention was on the:qües- 
tion of protecting slavery in the Territ6riee, 
gardless of the wishes of the people of the Terri- 
tot•y, or the power of Congress to exclude it. 
I now come back to the point at which I was 
interrupted. The issue having been thus ftiirly 
made to the country; having been decided against 
slavery protectiomsts in their own section, in 
their own Democratic convention, being in a hope- 
less minority in the country, these men nov.,' seek 
to present this question again for our considera- 
tion. Since the election they have been busily at 
work, by their insidious wiles and misrepresent- 
ations. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask, in all cour- 
tesy, to interrupt the gentleman. 
Mr. VANDEVER. 1 give way 
HARRIS, of Virginia. 1 want to ask the 
gentleman one question. 
Mr. VANDEVER. Objection has been made 
to the extension of my time. 
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. The gentleman 
from Iowa states that a large majority of the Dem- 
ocratic arty refused 
Mr. CANDEVER. 1 yield.. 1 have 
submitted the facts on which I base my judgment 
The gentleman may not come to the same conclu- 
Sion that I came to. This minority, I say, having 
succeeded in breaking up the Democratic convcn- 
tion, and' shattering into fragments . the Demo- 
Oratic party, now turn their attention •to breaking 
up the Government. By their most insidious 
wiles and misreprescntations, they have succeeded 
in firing the southern heart with enmity to the 
people of the North, and hostility to the Govern- 
ment. And now what do they -ask? Why, only 
that the majority shall submit to the minority. 
If that policy-is to be pursued, they may, with 
just as much propriety, ask that the joint action 
of the two Houses of Congress, had the day before 
yesterday, shall be reconsidered, and that the 
name of Abrahan-l Lincoln, of Illinois, shall be 
stricken from the rccord, and that of John C. 
Breckinridge, of Kentucky, inserted in its place, 
as the choice of the American people for Presi- 
dent of the Unit.ed States for four years from the 
4th of March next. For myself, have" to say 
that if the Union is only to be preserved On such 
terms, it can never be preserved by my vote. 
never will consent to have that flag which floats 
from the dome above our heads—the stars and 
stripes—struck to the pitiful flag Of a secession 
minority. Those with whom .1 stand, the patri- 
otic men of this country, planted 
on thc impreg_nable position of right, will stand 
which subsequently nominated as its candidate il date for President divided. I was in that conven- there though they should be but a handful against 
