942 
antees that they have. They have appealed to 
the Supreme Court to recognize 'their right to take 
their slaves into the Territories; and, as they con- 
strue the decision of that court, it. has already 
decreed that they have all they ask for under the 
form of the present Constitution. 'I'he court has 
decided in their favor; and yet they seem inclined 
to distrust that decision, and ask us to give epe- 
cific guarantees in 'the Constitution itself for the 
future fidelity of, the court. To such terms I 
If we can risk the court with- 
cannot consent. 
out guarantees, you, gentlemen, certainly ought 
to be willing, after the intimations it has given in 
your favor. 
Mr. HINDMAN, 1 ask the gentleman 
if the Dred Scott decision anathe Chicago platform 
do not conflict with each other in his judgment? 
-Mfr. VANDEVER. The Chicago Flatform, so 
fat as I knox,v, was never designed to conform to 
the dogmas expressed by Judge Taney as the 
opinion of the court ill the Dred Scott case 
PDRSONAL EXPLANATION. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE obtained the Boor. 
Mr. DAWES. the gentleman from Vir- 
ginia yield to mc a moment, to make a personal 
explanation ? 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. 1 will, sir. 
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, during the dis- 
cussion yesterday afternoon, I sought the floor at 
one time to make a little more specific what I had 
said in relation to the course of the gentleman from 
North Carolina [Mr. BRANCH] on the committee 
of five. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. The gentleman from 
North Carolina is not now present; and I suggest 
to the gentleman from Massachusetts the pro- 
priety of waiting.till he returns to the Hail. 
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to say any- 
thing that will render it Ylecessary for the gentle- 
man from North Carolina to be here. I, merely 
desire to do exact justice to the gentleman from 
North Caroiina, which I failed to do in the course 
of the debate yesterday, because I could not get 
the floor. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. 1 hope the gentleman 
from Massachusetts wili be as brief as possible. 
Mr. DAWES. I will. In the course of the 
debate yesterday, I used these, words, which I 
afterwards sought to make a lit.E,le more clear, but 
failed to do so: 
The. gentternan Carolina rises in his seat, 
and, witnoul the slightest intiiuation to any of his colleagues 
upon tike cmnmittee.so thr as _know, eoilitncnces reading 
a minority report, aftor having indüeed the other mernbers 
of the committee, in their desire to have an unaniunous re- 
port, to yiéld as far as they could, impressions wkiiell the 
evidence :nade upon their ininds." 
I sought to say, afterwards, that the induce- 
ment was brought about simply in this way: The 
gentleman from North Carolma well understands 
that other members of the committee held views 
somewhat difi*erent. from those of the report, while 
the other members of the committee also knew 
that he entertained views somewhat diflin•ent from 
the report, and each was influenced by the others 
to yield somewhat their own private views, and 
thus come to what each supposed was to be a 
unanimous report. That is ali i desired to say; 
and I am obliged to t.hc gentleman from Virginia 
for his courtesy in allowino• mc to say it. 
STATE OF UNION—AGAIN. 
Mr. DE JARNF,TTE resumed the floor. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. If the gentleman from 
Virginia will give way for that purpose, I will 
move an adjournment. 
Mr. DE JARNETTE. i am much obliged to 
the gentleman from Illinois, but prefer to cro on 
now. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir- 
ginia will proceed. 
Mr. JARNETTE. There times, Mr. 
Speaker, when I am contemplating thc history of 
my country—its rise, proo•ress, and rapid devol- 
opnlent—when the picture becomes so pleasing, 
and I am so filled with hope and delight, that I 
am lifted above the raging elements which have 
now so nearly destroyed it; and, from such a 
stand-point, view the grandest system of govern- 
ment ever yet devised by human agency for the 
happiness of man. 
have gone back to the earliest period of our 
history, when a few bold hearts first penetrated 
the dark forests, to find the home of the savaøc, 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 15, 
and share with him his freedom, sooner than sub- 
mit to the tyranny and oppression of the Old 
World. They were guided by the sparks of lib- 
erty x,vh-ich they had seen emitted by the concus- 
Sion of the • dynasties of the Old World; which, 
as they arose, were carried- by the winds of 
heaven to the shores of America. 
It -was here, sir, guided by the Unseen, and 
protected by the arm which they never felt but to 
praise, they reared an altar of liberty, around 
which soon stood the oppressed of every -land, 
who soon so replenished its fires that its flames 
licked the clouds, the bright effulgence of which 
cast a shadow under the thrones of tyranny and 
I oppression throughout the earth. 
rn viewing •it from this stand-point, I' have seen 
no North, no South; I have looked upon the 
whole, and been proud that all of it was my coun- 
try. I have forgotten, and expelled from my 
mind, all grievances of which the South now so 
justly complains, and viewed my country as it 
should be, and not as it is. Mr. Speaker, I am 
proud of what it has already accomplished; but 
with the eye of faith I penetrate the distant fu- 
ture, and behold one hundred million freemen, 
whose sublime destiny it is to break the chains of 
tyranny, to feed the hungry, and clothe the naked 
over the earth. 
Sir, we have reached that point in our national 
progress when every step we take is felt through- 
out the earth. The eyes of the world are upon 
us. To us belong the jealousy, hate, and envy 
of the dynasties of the earth. This they will not 
admit, even to themselves or to each other; but 
the foot of oppression is raised; the reins of Gov- 
ernment are loosed; and the oppressed through- 
out the earth begin to recover their long-lost lib- 
erties. 
This is what our free institutions have accom- 
plished; this is what we haveaccomplished, with- 
out regard to any other object than our own 
development. 
Still, the eyes of the world are upon us; our 
movements are watched and felt throughout the 
world. 
When we stepped from the banks of the Mis- 
sissippi to the Pacific ocean, the carth moved 
heavily on its axis because its balancc was dis- 
turbed. All Europe felt the shock; and now feel 
and know that another center must be found, 
around which they in turn must revolve. Nor 
was its influence col'ifined to Europe; it penetrated 
is thus effectually keeping the huge paw of the 
Russian bear fromithe.rich feast in the East. 
Thus, for nearly two hundred years, has Eng- 
I land enjoyed uninterru'ptedlythe trade of the eight 
hundred millions of Asia'. 
Since the purchase of Louisiana by the United 
States, England has been uneasy. Napoleon I, 
when he sold that country west of the Mississippi 
tou gave, as a reason, that he could not hold It; 
ngland, to guard her trade in the East, 
that 
would, with her immense navy, take it; that he 
wished the young giant of America to possess it, 
because he knew that we, at no distant day, would 
break England's power by possessing that trade. 
I will not stop herc to show all the impediments 
•which England has thrown across our path to 
prevent our march to the Pacific. She began with 
a proposition for the joint occupancy of our Pa- 
"cific shore. That was agreed to; but it soon re- 
salted in her claim to the only harbor on that coast 
ovvned by the United States. The right of search 
which she asserted, and which resulted in the war 
of 1812, was instituted with the view of breaking 
the prestige of our power, and giving her the oc- 
cupation of Astoria, the only harbor on the Pacific. 
The war commenced by the seizure of that port 
by England, and it was the last point yielded 
when the treaty of peace was made at Ghent. 
Failing in this, she now holds all the South 
Americmi States under bonds which they dare not 
disregard, to prevent an American vessel, in time 
of war, from enterinø their ports, even for shelter. 
When the transit of Isthmus is found practica- 
ble, she appears at that point and undertakes to 
control that. When, in 1850, we proposed to con- 
struct a railroad to the Pacific, she in') mediately 
II begins the construction of a road from Newfound- 
land to Puget Sound, and has, throueh the polar 
cold, constructed fifteen hundred miles of that road. 
And still more recently, impelled by the spur of 
our rapid advancement, she has purchased an 
Asia to the Celestial Empire; aroused the slum- 
bering millions in their strong-walled cities, and I 
caused their gates to creak under the accumulated F 
rust of centuries. 
Indeed, far beyond, in the remote kingdom of 
Japan, a hundred million more were aroused to 
shake off the dust of centuries, and again to walk 
island in the Pacific in our track to India, upon 
which she is this day building a Gibraltar almost 
in sight of our shore. 
All this, sir, will avail not; she is striving-against 
what the finger of destiny has written for our ac- 
complishment. Sir, civilization, knowledge, and 
commerce started in the East. They have pro- 
m•essed and are progressinø• Nuvestward. When 
ihey shall have reached the uttermost verge of the 
Pacific shore, they must retrograde; and the sub- 
lime destiny of returning these blessings to their 
ancient seats will be ours Sir, the genius of 
America has left the rock-bound coast of New 
England and taken its position on the shore of the 
the Pacific; and there it will work out our mighty 
destiny by placing in our control the trade of the 
world. 
Mr. Speaker, can there be a heart so dead as 
the earth. 
not to beat with exultant pride when contemplat- 
It was that step which (if this Union were not 
incr such a destiny for his own native land? Sir, 
doomed to perish) would make this country the since I have been thus hopeful of the destiny of 
center of the trade of the earth, by giving us the my country, I have known that the accomplish- 
control of the trade of the eight hundred million ment of that destiny could be hastened or delayed 
people of Asia; a trade which has been enjoyed by mutual good omces,good feeling, and fraternal 
by Europe for more than six hundred years; a regard between the North and South, or the re- 
tra(le which has been so fruitful, that it has, in verse. 
turn, made every nation which en.jQyed it at the 
I have, sir, watched with much anxiety the 
storm-cloud which I have seen gatherino• and 
time the greatest Power of the earth. 
It was to accommodate that trade that Colum- advancing from the North for ten years past. 
bus started on his voyage ofdiscovery; he wished ! have noted its every rnovemersl, and, hence not 
to find a nearer ',vay to India, and in the line of unexpectedly, seen its darkness increase, and 
heard its loud thunders rattle. 
that more direct way, he stumbled on this conti- 
I havc known that 
It was to that trade Spain owed her great.- 
this dark and threatening tornado would spread 
nent. 
ness, her wealth, and her vast dominion. From its fury and hurl its thunder bolts on the devoted 
Spain it fell to Denmark, which kingdom held it 
heads of my people. Conscious of rectitude, they 
for more than a hundred years, and by it grew to I have not sought, nor will they seek, to avoid its 
the position of the then nnost formidåble Power fury; because they know they are clothed in the 
of the earth. England was attracted by the glit- 
arrnor of Virginia 's sovereionty, which cannot be 
tet'incr prize; and by diplomacy and by threats 
penetrated. •Let me warn you, therefore, not to 
wrenched it from the grasp of that kingdom. Prof- 
misinterpret her present position. 
It is but the 
I iting by the errors of Spain and Denmark, Er)T 
o- hush before the storm. She, in her wisdom, has 
land, by the most gigantic fillibusterinø move- 
called her people together, because their liberties 
ment which curses the pages of history, subja- 
and her sovereignty are assailed. Respect the 
gated one. hundred million of the people of India, 
one, and recoonize the other, and all may yet be 
and, with t.hcir own money, has hired armies to 
well. But if not, every sword in Virginia will 
keep them in the dust. Since then, she, in order 
leap from its scabbard ; and flash defiance to a 
to guard it effectually, until recently never suf- 
i world in arms. There are no submissionists there. 
{bred any nation of Europe to hold a navy com- 'I'he North has now become maddened by pros- 
parable to her own. Standing over France, as 
perity. The empire of commerce we have cheer- 
soon as that nation could equip a navy at all cal- 
fally conceded to them. W'c of the South have 
culated to cope with her, she has invariably 
exulted in their success, though it has been the 
crushed ib. She has stood with one hand on the result, in a great degree, of a tax on our labor. 
Danish Beltand the other on the Dardanelles, and Stili we would be content if we were allowed to 
