1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
043 
live in security and repose. l'? We have cheerfully 
divided the products of each day's labor at the 
South with you of the North; we have never at- 
tempted to disturb your social and domestic insti- 
tutions, or taught others so to do; we have been 
faithful to every engagement, and performed 
every obligation imposed on us by the Constitu- 
tion. 
Sir, no man now lives, or has ever lived, who 
has said, or can say, that we of the South, though 
heretofore controlling the Government, have ever 
withheld a right from or inflicted a wrong on 
the North. Can you of the North say that you 
have fulfilled all the obligations imposed upon 
you by the Constitution ? Have youat the North, 
while enjoying a tax which sve impose on our 
labor for' your benefit, ever manifested the slight- 
est interest in our welfare? I-lave you ever been 
as considerate of our welfare as you have been 
of that of your forei(yn neighbors in Canada ? 
Along your border, with them, you have lived in 
peace arid friendshiö. Along your border, with 
us, there has not been a moment of repose for 
twenty years. You have throughout the North 
societies organized with no other object than to 
employ men to excite your own people to war on 
your brethren of the South. It cannot be slavery 
that you war on; because slavery exists in its 
worst form in sight of your own shore—in Cuba. 
I have never heard of your sending an emissary 
to Cuba, though you have more frequent inter- 
course with Havana than you have with any of 
our ports. Who ever heard that you have ever 
made an effort to rob a master on that island of 
his slave? Who ever heard one word said by 
your most malignant Abolitionist against slavery 
as it. exists anywhere else, except with your 
brethren of the South? From their hands you 
have received nothing but kindness. 
In return 
you send emissaries, educated among you, to rob, 
poison, burn, and, with the assassin's dagger, to 
murder our people. 
For twenty years we have submitted to this; 
we loved the Union because we have been taught 
to love it. 
It was the work of our fathers; and 
if it could be preserved in the spirit in which they 
made it, it would live fresh in eternal youth, and 
exempt from mutability and decay. But, sir, it 
exists no longer. 
Its spirit has fled; and when 
in the spirit land, from the tomb it shall arise to 
testify against the authors of its untimely fate. 
The South, with conscious innocence, will await 
the sentence because it will be just; and the North 
will be pronounced guilty of the deep damnation 
of this taking off. 
I have known, Mr. Speaker, for ten years that 
dissolution must come. I have seen the irrepress- 
ible conflict between labor and capital at the North , 
and known that it could but result in favor of the 
former, inasmuch as that labor possessed the rev- 
olutionary power there, to wit: the elective fran- 
chise. Wherever, sir, there is free competition 
between Inbor and capital, and that laboris armed 
with the unrestricted right to vote, the labor Being 
always in the majority, musk sooner or later so 
control the law-making power as to hold the cap- 
ital subject to its will. That labor has for many 
years past controlled the law-making power of 
New England. It has now gained control of the 
law-making power in many States west of the 
Hudson; and in the last presidential contest, it 
aspired to, and obtained, the control of the law- 
making power of this Governrnent. •Wherever 
there is free competition of labor and capital, and 
that labor vindicates its power to control the Gov- 
crnment,liberiy cannot,longsurvive. Buttheworst t 
form of despotism will exist as long as there is 
capital left upon which it can féed. When this 
fails the onkv result which can follow is, for such 
a people, to return to barbarism. 
Thus, societv at the North is now preTnantwit.h 
Its only salva- 
the seeds of its own destruction. 
tion is a stronger Government, and a restriction 
of the elective franchise. This is not speculative 
theory, but fact; it is not wild imaginings, but 
history. The standing armies of the World 
are maintained to keep labor from warring on 
capital; not by controlling the law-making power, 
for that labor has not the elective franchise, and 
hence cannotaspire to theforms of justice to legal* 
ize its robberies; but those armies are maintained I 
to pfotect that capital from mob violence. TV hat 
protection has your capital from the legalized rob- 
bery to which it, is even now soznetimes subjected ? 
Does not this free labor now set at naught your 
State decrees, if they are annoying to it?' Has it 
not scaled the ramparts of the Federal Govern- 
ment, destroyed the Constitution, enthroned- the 
higher law in its stead, and justified such action 
by alleging that their own State laws, which they 
had made to screen thentselves, required them to 
despise the authority of the General Government? 
It is the free suffrage and free labor of the North 
which now controls the press, the bar, the schools, 
It is the free labor of the North 
and the pulpit. 
which has invaded the sanctity of God's altar, 
and compelled its ministers to acknowledge its 
divinity by dethroning Jehovah and worshiping 
Beelzebub. It is the free labor at the North which 
has invaded the highest judicial tribunal of justice, 
destroying its prerogatives, and teaching men to 
despise its decrees. Sir, it has so shattered the 
framework of society, that society itself exists 
only in an inverted order at the North. Capital 
at the North for a long time waged an unequal 
contest W'ith labor. 
It looked then to the Gov- 
ernment, and found that impotent for aid. For 
momentary security, it seemed to sympathize in 
the Objects of the fanatics, and to point to the 
institutions of the South as fit objects for attack. 
Fatal delusion! They introduced the 
Trojan horse into their counting-houses, but drove 
away their best customers, by their efforts to en- 
slave them. 
At the South, our new republic will have no 
snch element of discord. Capital there owns all 
labor which, from its nature, so lowers the man 
as to make him unfit for society and self-govern- 
ment. Thus capital and labor in our new repub- 
lic will work in beautiful harmony; and it is thus 
that African slavery furnishes the only basis upon 
which republican liberty can be preserved. 
You:znuy ask me if we have not free labor at 
the South. I answer, yes, in its natural form; 
not warring on capital, but sustained by it. We 
are proud of that labor. It is enlightened. it con- 
stitutes the main pillar in our structure. It is the 
sword of our defense, because it is elevated and I 
dignified by the conservative influence of African 
slavery. It will thus, in our new republic, be the 
only place on the globe where frec suffrage and 
free labor constitute conservative elements in the 
structure of republican liberty. It will be there 
alone where free labor will not be in antagonism 
to capital; because capital owns the on»r lab0i' 
which can be oppressed by it, and because labor, 
being the capital, will be, as such, carefully pre- 
served. 
Thus African slavery constitutes the keystone 
of the arch which supports the only structure 
which free labor, together with free suffrage, will 
as long as labor éfxhe 
South 
slavery been assailed; and now chai you have:göt 
itin the " course of ultimate 
resolved to use your power, and we are-determibed 
to resist your authority. 
What cause you allegefor thus warring on 
us? Have we of the South ever withheld a right 
given you by the Constiputiou, a 
wrong? Have we not contributed to suc- 
ccss and rejoicedin your prosperity? Did. not 
Virginia, (rhay God bless her m this hour,) in 
order to destroy jealousy between the. North and 
South, and give peace to the country, give-to -the 
North the empire of the Northwest?- And now, 
in. this hour of her peril, she turns her eyes to 
that powerful empire, the fruit of her womb; hu- 
munity would apply the full breast of that vouthful 
exuberance to the mouth of its afflicted parent; 
but tyranny would, Nero like, march- to the 
throne over the prostrate form of its own mother. 
You, too, Nero like, when Capitol 
is being consumed by the torch which your, own 
hands have applied, are reveling amid the ruins 
which you made. 
In the name of an outraged 
and oppressed people—in the name of freemen 
who know their rights and will defend them, and 
in the name of a just God, I charge you, to let 
this parricidal sin pass from you. You are now 
about to assumc the reins of Government over 
what you have left of the American Union. You, 
as you know, have acquired that power, pledged 
to the accomplishment of a single object: the ulti- 
mate extinction of our cherished domestic insti- 
tution—African slavery. 
Before we surrender the authority by which 
you are to govern us, we only ask that you WiM 
give us guarantees by -which you cannot-deprive 
us of that protection which the. Constitution of 
the United States, as interpreted, not by us, but 
by the Supreme Court, guaranties to- us. . This 
you refuse to do. You obtain power by pledges 
to war on the institutions of the South. We ask 
you to throw away the weapons which you have 
drawn for our destruction before we yield to your 
authority. This you contemptuously refuse to do; 
and then, sir, in the memory of Virginia's his- 
tory, you appeal to her to preseroe the Union ! 
Then, sirs, beware; Virginians will defend their 
liberties, and preserve unrestricted the sovereign ty 
I of their State. 'I'hcy and the galla'nt men of the 
South will not survive their liberties. They were 
I born freemen, and will never die slaves. 
While all propositions for an honorable adjust- 
ment have come from the injured, outraged, and 
insulted section, we of that section have felt that 
they should come from the assailing party. We 
not and cannot destroy. It must not be supposed have felt this to be wounding to our pride, and, 
by the people of the North, that the free labor of I in sonle degree, tarnishing to our honor. How- 
the South can ever desire to disturb the relation ever, it was a sacrifice upon the altar of our coun- 
try, and it was cheerfully made. We..owed this 
of master and slave; on the contrary they will 
and must, from ncccssity, defend it, as it is alone to the memoi•y of our fathers; we owed this to 
on the profit of slave labor that free labor finds our generous constituents, who- would give their 
employment. and lives in peace and plenty. It is lives to preserve the Unitn in its primitive purity; 
we owed it to humanity to prevent our land from 
thus that African slavery elevates and dignifies the 
free labor of the South, by freeing it of all menial being torn incivil strife and drenched in fraternal 
service. Thus relieved, that labor constitutes a blood. We have discharged every duty that 
valuable social and political element in our Re- honor, patriotism, and fidelity to our; people de- 
public, by working with mutual dependence in manded. In short, wye have done everything but 
surrender the liberties of our people. This we 
beautiful harmony with capital, consolidating in 
I, for one, sir, would sooner see 
one compact mass and brotherhood all tl".e whit.e 
wiH never do. 
men of the South. Sir, this system of ours, thus this Union shattercd into atoms, never acrain to 
be reunited, than to return to my people, and tell 
purged from all opposing elements, cannot be over- 
them that we had saved the Union, but enslaved 
thrown; it will go on to prosper wit.h accumulat- 
ing vigor; for by it the labor of the white man is 
thcm. 
I have, Mr. Speaker, in contemplating the new 
freed frorn the oppression of capital. 
arrangement of the States which now must be 
It is vain, then, for the free labor of the North, 
by the exercise of its revolutionary power, to at- made, outstripped the wheel of time, and viewed 
tempt further the corruption of the free labor of our southern republic as it will be seen in 1864. 
the South. That labor, Mr. Speaker, has higher Then the machinery of our governrnent will be in 
aspirations and holier purposes to gccomplish; full operation and perfected. The most skillful 
its mission, sir, is to bDild up, not to dcstroy an mechanist will not be able to detect the slightest 
cmpirc: to obscrvc all thc restraints of law and inequality in its bearinms. Its movements will be 
silent, but powerful. 
its balance-wheel will be 
the Constitution, and not to despise the restraints 
of law and trample. in i.he dust the Constitution; II African slavery, so well adjusted that its •power 
will be irresistible, because its motion will be per- 
to protect society by carefully guarding the pul- 
pits not to destroy society by corruptino it. The petual. Then will the southern States be united 
free labor of the North now seeks the destruction in bonds of perpetual union; then will our peo- 
It pie be united in interest, in heart, and sympathy; 
of this beautiful systen"l of Government. 
knows the secretof our strength, and has judged then will we prosper as a people never before have 
rightly where the power of this Samson is. TINIicy prospered; becuuse labor will be freed from 
taxation and the product of that labor will have 
• have planted l,heié batteries aoainst the institution 
of slavery. They knowr it to be thc Redan of our no competition. 
If, then, we have failbd to preserve the Union 
system; they know its conservative power, and 
