944: 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
January 15. 
by-making, in the hame Of ourvedple, every sac- *have deprived Of his home, driven, by the free 
rifice é*dbPt--t'hÄt of their liberties, we' Will have white labor of'the North, from every occupation 
accomplished this •much. 
i' of honest toil. 
What, Mr. Speaker, will the Republicans of 
If, then, the merit of your opposition to slavery 
this House, when they return to their people, carry 
with them to compensate for the ruin and havoc 
which they have created? To them will belong 
•the -responsibility of disrupting this once happy 
Union. TO them will- be attached the awful re- 
sponsibility of exciting thirty- million of the hap- 
pieSt'people On God 's earth to forget that they are 
brethren, and with all the destructive machmery 
of grim-visaged war, to destroy each other in civil 
strife. On them, will fall the cttrses of millions at 
the 'North, whose trade they have destroyed, and 
whose homes they: have made desolate. It is on 
you, Republicans, will fall the curses of the wid- 
owed mother vv'ho can no longer find bread for 
hZr- starving children. Go to your crowded cities, 
not to the gilded palaces of your merchant princes, 
but to the lanes and alleys, and when you hear 
tl'k.e cries of thousands, frantic with hunger and 
despair, and behold here a mother with her inno- 
cent children clasped around her in the agony of 
death from starvation, and there another tearing 
her bosom because it can no longer afford nour- 
ishment to her dying infant, you will see the re- 
sultofyourdevotion to your party platform. You 
will have saved your party, but you ',vill havb lost 
your country. You will have vindicated your 
devotion to the negro by disregarding the voicc of 
humanity and the decrees of Heaven. This is 
what you have already done. If, then, the pros- 
pect of' Civil war, which you have created, has 
done all, and much more than all this, •what, I 
ask, must be the misery, agony, and death which 
twenty-five million brave people will inflict on 
each other? 
Sir, when the flames of civil war have swept 
over our once happy land, from St. John 's to the 
Rid Grande, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific; 
when your cities and ours no longer resound with 
the busy hum of industry, because they vvill be 
the first victims which the relentless mouths of 
cannon will dernand; when OUE beauliful country, 
where innocence resides and virtue sits enthroned, 
shall return to its primitive occupants—because 
nothing save the hyena can live amid such scenes 
of • desolation and death—then you will behold 
the work of your own hands. If you have not yet 
seen enough to make you pause before you de- 
clare war on the South, and thus invoke on your 
heads the wrath of humanity and the vengeance 
of Heaven, those of you who survive when-it shall 
have been ended, Will witness a scene which will 
melt your hearts, though they may be harder than 
adamant. When you are called on to witness the 
procession of ten rni•ITion mourners, and hear their 
cries for those Who have fallen in battle, and hear 
that mighty multitude, with one voice, proclaim 
you the author of all their affiction, you will, in- 
deed, cry that the rocks may hide and the hills 
may cover you from their sight. All this will you 
inflict on your country and yourselves sooner 
than let slavery alone. 
It is an institution for which you are not re- 
sponsible, and about which you know nothing. 
You say it is wrong, and you will put it the course 
of ultimate extinction, because slaves are some- 
times treated with cruelty. That they are some- 
times, but rarely, treated with cruelty, I will 
admit; but such acts are punished by law. , and 
punished by society, with great severity. Still, 
i know that there is more humanity, there is more 
unalloyed contentment and happiness, among the 
slaves of the South, than any laboring population 
on the globe. Where else but at the South are 
the laborers nursed when sick, and taken care of 
when they get too old to work? Where but at the 
South is it the interest of capital to provide food 
for the families of laborers when they are young 
and helpless? 
It then being the- interest of capi- 
tal that the slave and his fa_mily should be• well 
cared for in sickness and in health, what stronger 
reason can be given that he will not be abused? 
It is this interest in his labor that you would de- 
prive him of. 
After you do this, have you not deprived him 
of his home, and all the comforts he now enjoys? 
Will you give him another home, and provide 
him other comforts? You know- you not. 
You will not do this to your neighbors of your 
own race, and the starving poor among you; but 
you will stand by and see the negro, whom you 
is that you would abolish an institution which 
is sometimes oppressive, go home and abolish 
your banking system; go home and destroy your 
magnificent churches, because some of your min- 
isters have been bad men; and go home and abol- 
ish the institution of marriage_; because. I know 
that, for every master who cruelly treats his slave, 
there are two white men at the North who torture 
and murder their wives. Away, then, with such 
sickly sentimentality. We know that it is not 
because you love the slave, or desire to benefit his 
condition, that yo uthus war on the South; be- 
cause, when you have enticed him from his happy 
home, we have seen you, like the crocodile, 
mingle your tears with the blood of your victim. 
We know it is done to keep the northern mind in 
agitation, never permitting it to settle down on 
your own productive elements of domestic dis- 
content. But for this agitation at the North, so- 
ciety could not stand the shock. The revolution- 
ary element at the North constitutes no part of 
that societv. That element now controls the law- 
making power, and thus has the semblance of 
justice for its action. It is thus that the capital 
of Boston is held subject to its command. 
As to the best means of defense against this 
mighty power, which knows no control but its 
will, society at the North is divided. There are 
those who, to avoid offense, have declined to take 
part in local elections, as shown by the thousands 
of slumbering votes in the States east of the Hud- 
son. There are others, who, still having hopes 
of controlling it, have -joined in, and desire sö to 
direct it as to prevent any disaster to themselves 
or the country. For several years, they did hold 
the reins of restraint, and so checked its move- 
ments as to prevent injury. But now, it has burst 
the dams and levees with which you for a time 
restrained it, and, by its resistless flood, sweeps 
away and destroys all who oppose it. Commu- 
nities at the North, or even their State govern- 
ments, cannot resist its march. Nothing at the 
South can now resist it, but State sovereignties; 
and each State must throw this protection around 
their people, or they are lost. 
I have, Mr. Speaker, attempted to show the 
apprec%tion of those I represent for the Union. 
I know of none who would not even rejoice to per- 
petuate it as it was made by our fathers. 
I have 
shown that it was not because they loved the 
Union less, but their liberties more, that they have 
made up their minds to leave it, unless you give 
them such guarantees as will insure safety. I have 
shown you that the South has never, though smart- 
ing under insults and injuries, retaliated, because 
she has observed the restrain ts of the Constitution. 
That instrument has never been wounded by a 
southern hand or agency. It has always been held 
sacred by our people; and now, finding that they 
cannot live peaceably with you of the North , they 
will quietly leave your company. They have 
made no threats; they propose no violence to you. 
In secession they assail no one, threaten no one; 
it is a remedy which is purely defensive, and 
not aggressive, because it is passwe and not 
active. 
Your party desire to get rid of slavery, because 
you say that the moral influence of the world is 
against slavery, and by your contact with it you 
are compromised. We propose quietly to relieve 
you of any contact or association with it. Thus, 
to preserve your refined sensibilities, we propose 
to take slavery out of the Union, and give you 
relief. And now that the cotton States have done 
this, and the border slave States are going to fol- 
low their example, and thus do what you have 
been tryins to do for twenty years; you get into 
a violent rage, and call the gods to witness that 
you will whip us into submission, because x.ve will 
not let you do it in your own way. If you of the 
North would pause and reflect for one moment, 
you would see the ridiculous position in which 
you thus place yourselves before the world. But 
you will not, you cannot stop. You are impelled 
by a power which you cannot resist. 
It is the 
power of England, exerted on' the revolutionary 
element of the North, s.vhich cannot and will not 
permit you to pause, now that the object which 
England so devoutly wishes for is so near its ac- 
complishment. This Union must be destroyed, 
or England will soon lose her hold on the trade 
of Asia. England made every effort to check 
our advancement and development, because she 
knew we were now her Only rivals for commerce. 
Since the declaration of Sir Robert Peel—made 
in advocacy of the appropriation of $100,000,000 to 
emancipate the negroes in the West Indies—that 
" this was the best investment ever made for the 
overthrow of American institutions," England 
has continued to agitate this abolition of slavery, 
with a view of destroying our power by dividing 
us. England knows that our commercial tonnage 
is greater than her own, and is rapidly increas- 
ing, and that the time for decisive action has 
come. By her gold, as well as by agitating this 
anti-slavery sentiment, she has obtained great 
ascendency over the revolutionary elements of 
the North. No man doubts that vast sums of 
England 's gold, drawn from the attenuated fingers 
of her slaving poor, are sent here to keep alive 
the flames of fanaticism in•which alone the po- 
litical salamanders of the North can live. The 
visits of Fred Douglass and William H. Seward 
to England sometimes become necessary to keep 
alive and excite the sometimes slumbering masses 
of their followers. England, by way of a spur 
to their movements, occasionally confers the honör 
of knighthood on some sable swain, and by way 
of variety insults our minister for the amusement 
of the gentleman from Africa. 
This, sir, is not the result of an abolition senti- 
ment in England, as abundantly shown by her 
unwillingness to force Spain to execute a treaty 
long since made, to abolish slavery in all her pos- 
sessions. Nor is it because she respects the rights 
of men or their freedom; because she is to-day 
engaged in the cooly trade, by which she consigns 
white men to the most cruel and perpetual bond- 
age. But it is because by this means atone she 
can hope to break the power of her most danger- 
ous rival for the trade of the East. Cannot the 
people of the North, now on the verge of the pre- 
cipice, stop one moment for reflection? Would 
it not be better for you to live on terms of equality 
and friendship with those who were once your 
brethren at the South? Can you show in what 
particular England, after she, through your in- 
strumenta]ity, has disrupted this Union, will be 
benefited by trading with you? Are you not 
England's rivals for most of the goods sold in the 
States? She, you declare by your tariff bill, can 
manufacture the articles which we consume thirty- 
five per cent. cheaper, on an average, than you 
can; and hence you, by that bill, will compel us to 
give you thirty-five cents in every dollar, to ena- 
ble you to meet her at your own factories. 
If this tax should be continued in our new con- 
federacy, the trade of England will be no more 
restricted than it is now. How will it be with 
you? Instead of receiving the thirty-five per cent 
which you propose to give yourselves in this new 
tariff, you will have to pay that much duty. Thus, 
you will receive on all goods sold at the South 
thirty-five cents in every dollar less than you 
would receive if you had not destroyed the Union. 
We, then, being now the consumers of the noi•th- 
ern manufactures, and the North no longer being 
protected in our markets, she will be driven to 
abandon manufacturing only for the northern 
States, except such articles as those where the 
cost of the raw material constitutes the chief-ele- 
mcnt of its manufacture. This is shown more 
conclusively in a correct analysis of the elements 
constituting the cost of manufacture. 
In all manufactures the elements of cost are thus 
enumerated and classified: first, the wages of la- 
bor; second, the interest on capital; and third, 
the value of the raw material—labor forty per 
cent. ; capital fifty per cent. ; and the raw mate- 
rial ten per cent. This, I believe, is found cor- 
rect, except in coarse fabrics. 
In such, the raw 
material enters as the chief element of cost, as in 
coarse cotton. Our factories, having the advant- 
age of ten per cent. in the cost of cotton, can, for 
this reason, clothe the operatives in the English 
factories; for in such a fabric, the raw material 
constitutes a very large part of its value. 
The English manufacturers pay but half what 
we pay for labor and capital; and those two ele- 
ments constitute ninety per cent, in cost of the fab- 
rics sent here. You of the North cannot compete 
with them. It is thus that you lose and Engiand 
gains by your folly. Agarn; you can never in- 
duce England to remain hostile to the South, be- 
