THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. Rlvns, WASMINGTON, D. C. 
TIIIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, 2D SESSION. 
cause she is dependent on the South. From her 
trade with the South she annually an in- 
come of more than six hundred million, besides 
giving employment to millions of her starvincr 
population. What does she derive from the ex- 
port trade ofathe NoFth? Not one cent; because 
it is all corbmed. Her bread, when there is a 
failure in Europe of crops, she sometimes gets 
from your ports. This is all. This does not con- 
stitute a basis of trade; because it is consumed, 
and hence no source of income. 
We at the South understand the strength of our 
position. The step we are about to take is not one 
of our own choosing, but from necessity. That 
necessity you have created, against our repeated 
protests, as well as against our threats. You have 
not heeded our solemn protests, and you have 
laughed to scorn our threats. As you have 
scorned our threats, so we now scorn yours, and 
we defy your power. 
Do not, I impiore you, suppose that Virginia 
will submit to oppression. She loves this Union, 
and witl sacrifice all, except her honor and the 
liberties of her people, to preserve it. You now 
assail both. She has called her youno• mcn aud 
hct• old men together around her council board. 
They have left their swords at home, because 
their presence sometimes engenders strife. 
They want peace, and not war; but, if you do 
not acknowledge the sovereignty of Virginia, and 
tl'ie equality of her people, you will find them, too, 
on the war ath.. 
Mr. WEBSTER obtained the floor. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE. 
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 presume the gentleman 
from Maryland does not desire to proceed this 
eveninc•, and I ask him to yield to me to enable 
me to present a resolution. 
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 yield to the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. RUST. I must object to any business 
being done. There are not twenty members in 
the Hali. 
Mr. MAYNARD, The resolution is merely 
designed to facilitate the investigation provided 
for in the resorution introduced yesterday by the 
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. PRYOR.] 
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
R.esol,oed, That the speeial comm ittee of three, appointed 
under the resolution the 14th •instant, have leave to sit 
during the sessions or the House, and to employ a reporter, 
who shall also.act as clerk, at a rate of compensation not 
exceeding that usually paid för similar services. 
Mr. RUST. 1 object to that resolution. 
Mr. MAYNARD: It is a customary resolu- 
tion. 
I object to it ut- 
Mr. RUST. 1 do not care. 
terly. I am opposed to the employment of any 
more reporters. 
It was the under- 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
standing of the House that no business should be 
done this evening; and whilst I have no objection 
to the resolution, I think we ought to carry out 
that understanding in good faith. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 to the gentle- 
man from Arkansas to withdraw his objection to 
the resolution of the gentleman frorn Tennessee, 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1861. 
RICHARD W. MEADE. 
Mr. MAYNARD entered a motion to recon- 
sider the vote by which the resolution reported 
by him this morning from the Committee of 
Claims in relation to the claim of Richard W. 
Meade was laid upon the table. 
And then, on motion of Mr. CLARK, of Mis- 
souri, (at four o'clock und twenty-five minutes, 
p. m. , ) the House adjourned. 
IN SENATE. 
SATURDAY, February. 16, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The SECRETARY called the Senate to order. 
Mr. POWELL. Mr. Secretary, 
ident is indisposed this morning, and will not be 
' able to take his seat as President of the Senate. 
I move that the Senator from Vermont [Mr. FOOT] 
i take the chair as President pro tempore of the Sen- 
ate. 
The SECRETARY. SQ.nators, it ig moved and 
seconded that Mr. F 00T take the chair as Presi- 
If there he no objection, Mr. 
dent pro tempore. 
F00T will please take the chair. 
Thcrc being no objection, Mr. F00T took the 
chair as President pro tenvpore, and directed the 
Journal to be read. 
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. 
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. 
The following bills, received from the I-louse of 
Representatives yesterday, were severally read 
twice by their titles, and refrrred as indicated be- 
low: 
A bill (No. 655) granting a pension to Prentis 
Champlain—to the Committee on Pensions. 
A bill (996) for the relief of Azel Spaulding— 
to the Committee on Claims. 
COMMITTEE SERVICE. 
Mr. HALE. I am instructed unanimously by 
the Committee on Naval Affairs to ask the Senate 
to reconsider a vote which was taken yesterday. 
1 was not in the Senate Chamber when the vote 
was taken excusing the Senator from New Jersey 
[ M 1'. THOMSON] frbm serving upon that counmit- 
tee. I wish to say that the intercourse ofthc com- 
mittee with the chairman has been, wit.hout any 
interruption, of the kindest character, and they 
are to have this tie broken so near the 
close of the session; and it is their unanimous 
I have mentioned 
request that he be continued. 
the fact to him, and I hope the Senate will recon- 
sider the vote, so that. thc comrnittee may have 
I the benefit of his service för the remainder of the 
term. 
I The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator 
front New Hampshire moves to recånsidct• the 
vote by which thc Senate discharged the Senator 
from New Jersey from furl her service upon the 
Committee on Naval Affairs. 
MI'. GREEN. Not in his absence. 
Mr. I-IA.LE. I have seen the Senator from 
New Jcrscy. 
Mr. GREEN. very well. 
The motion to reconsider was agreed to. 
on condition that he shall strike out that portion The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Now the ques- 
of it which authorizes the committee to employ a 
stenographer. What necessity can there be for 
the employment of a stenographer? 
Mr. MAYNARD. we have to take some 
testimony. 
Mr. RUST. I object to the resolution. 
ENROLLED DILL SIGNED. 
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En- 
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled An act 
fbr the relief of I-lockaday and Liøget;" when 
the Speaker signed the same. 
MESSAGE FROM SENATE. 
A message from the Senate, by Mr. PATTON, 
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate had 
passed bill of the House for the relief of George 
H. Giddings, with amendments, in which he was 
requested to ask the concurrence of the House. 
60 
tion recurs on the motion to excuse the Senator 
from New Jersey 
The Inotion was not agreed to. 
REPORTS CCOMMITTEES. 
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to 
whom was referred a motion to print a letter of 
the Treasurer of the United States, communicat- 
incr copies of his accounts for the Post Office De- 
partmcnt for the year ending June 30, 1860, have 
instructed me to ask that the committee be dis- 
charecd, the usual number having been printed in 
the House of Represnntatives. 
The conu•nittee were discharged. 
Mr. FITCH. The same committee, to whom 
I was referred a report of tlle acting Secreteg•y of 
the Interior, communicating, in compliance with 
a resolution of the Senate, a transcript of all ac- i 
{Nsw .SØRLES...-.-± o. 601 
wings, and the north front of the Patent- Offcåiit 
building, and for alterations and repairs to 
south' front.of the same, do not deem themselves 
the proper tri bunal for -the.decislon of the qüestion 
of printing this document.' They ask •that they 
be discharged from its further consideration, and 
that it be referred to the Committee on Public 
Buildings and Grounds. If that committee deem 
it worthy of publication, the Senate, of course, on 
the recommendati0ii of that committee, will print 
the usual number. That was the only question 
referred to the Committee on Printing. They re- 
port it back, writhahe request that itbe referred to 
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, 
and the Com rn ittee on Printing be discharged from 
the further consideration ofit. 
The motion was agreed to. 
PATENT OFFICE AGRICULTURAL REPORT. 
Mr. FITCH. I desire to call up the resolution 
introduced by the Committee on Printing a day 
or two since, on the subject of the agricultural 
portion of the Patent Offce- rcport. The Senator 
from Maine, I believe, de±ires to amend it. 
Mr. PEARCE. 1 will ask the Senator from 
Indiana to allow me, before he proceeds with the 
discussion of it, to makb a report. 
Mr. FITCH. 1 understand there will be no 
discussion. 
The motion of Mr. FITCH was agreed to; and 
the Senate proceeded to consider the following 
resolution, reported by him from the. Committee 
on Printing, on the 14th instant: 
Resolved, That twenty thousand additional copies of the 
annual report ot• the Connnigsioner of Patents on agrtctil- 
ture, for the year 1860, beprinted for the use of the Senate ; 
an(l five thousand additional copies for distribution by the 
I literior Department, including • sixteen pages of illustra- 
tions. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
LIEUTENANT MICHLER'S REPORT. 
Mr. FITCH. of War, 
communicating, in compliance with a resolution 
of the Senate, Lieutenant Michler's report of Iiis 
survey for an inter-oceanic ship canal near the 
Isthmus of Darien, was yesterday referred to the 
Committee on Printinø on the question of print- 
It is not usual to refer that 
ing t_he usual number. 
question to thta committee. Although I have had 
no consultation with my colleagues upon the com- 
mittee on the subject, I think I can speak for them 
in this matter, when I say they desire to be re- 
lieved from the consideration of the question' of 
printing the usual number of documents of this 
kind. It is for the Senate to decide. 'I'he com- 
miltee, therefore, ask to be discharged from the 
further considefation of that report. 
Mr. GREEN. Then it should be now- 
sidered. It is Lieutenant Michler's report. 
The motion to discharge the committee was 
agreed to. 
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the present consider- 
ation of the motion in that case. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
tee has been discharged; and the queStion now is 
on the motion to print the usual number. 
The motion was agreed to. 
DEFICIENCY BILL. 
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer- 
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses 
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 866) 
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for 
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1861, submitted 
the following report: 
The eomnailtee of conference on the disagreeing votes of 
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (M. R.-No. 
cai year ending June 30, 1861, having met, alter full and 
free iiavc agrccd to to their respect- 
ivc Houses. as foiiows : 
'That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the 
amendtnents of thc House of Representutives to the second 
and sixth amendrnents of the Senate, antl concur in said 
mnendments of the House. 
That the House recede from their disagreement to the 
fifth amendment of the Senate. cnd ugrec -to the same with 
an amendinent,as stiike-out frotn the second line 
of the amendment the words, and for office rcnt, fuel, 
counts paid for the erection of the east and west 
and, the fourth and fifth lines of the amendtncnt, 
