1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
953 
dog 5s hair kind of wool that comes from Buenos 
Ayres and of Australia, is very poor 
stuff, and it is not good policy to undertake to 
raise it here. I agree that there is some fine wool 
from Australia, which comes in in the dirt, and 
in that way may get in at a valuation of between 
18 and 24 cents. The present is, that all wool 
above 20 cents a pound pays a duty, and below 
20 it is free. It is found tbat there is a good deal 
of management to get in the wool under 20 cents. 
1 Was for having 16 cents t.he limit, so as to catch 
everyt'hihg imported that was fit fbr manufactur- 
ing; but in the House of Representatives a com- 
promise was made putting the limit at 18 cents. 
All the wools that we have had any information 
about, that come at all in competition with the 
American wools, are between 18 and 70 cents. 
That between 18 and 24 pays a duty of 3 cents a 
is very dirty; and I sup- 
pound under this bill. 
pose by the time it gets to be cleaned wool, it is 
subject to the 9 cents a pmtnd duty. 
I fear that we shall get into a very unfortunate 
diffculty with the other House by making this 
amendment. I agree with what the Senator from 
Michigän says, that the wool ought to pay a duty 
which comes in and interferes with our woot; but 
it does pay a good duty, if it is over 18 cents a 
pound, under this bill; and I trust the arrange- 
ment in the bill will not be disturbed. I think I 
cun satisfy anybody, that the getting in of these 
coarse wools free of duty, where they really are 
coarse, for blankets, gives us the cntire control of 
the market for blankets, which would go from us 
if we did not have it so. The. Senator from Mich- 
igan says .we have not taken carc of the wool in- 
terest, but we have increased the duties on the 
manufactured article. Sir, we have not increased 
the duties on woolen goods, We have rathcr low- 
ered them; but we put a pound duty on woolens 
equivalent to the duty paid on wool, sc; that the 
manufacturers should notcomehere and say "You I 
have raised the duty on wool, and lcft us out in 
the cold." There is just the. same additional duty 
put on the woolens as on wool. That has been 
adjusted. If you go to altering it, it will force the 
-If the 
committee to readjust the whole matter. 
Senator had had this bill to manare as long as f 
have had, and as many people to satisfy as have 
had, first on one side and. then on the other, he 
would find that it was somewhat tt•oüblesome to 
reconcile all parties; but the provision, as it is ili 
the bill, finallv reconciled ali parties in the other 
House; and trust the amendment wil{ not pre- 
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Rhode Isl- 
and objects to an amendment of this section 
cause.. he says, those who are interested in the 
consumption and use of these coarse ',vools from 
South America have settled on it as it is in this 
bill. Now, I suppose there is not a Senator here 
but fully understands the nature of the contest 
It is a con- 
that is going on about this tariff bill. 
test of capital concentrated against diffused labor. 
I am certain that none of the great agricuiturul 
interests of the country were in the counsels of 
thc Senator when that section was settled upon. 
If they were, their voice to have been of 
but little avail; for their interests are not looked 
to nor cared for. The Senator says that he wishes 
to keep out this coarse wool, and to encourage t 
If that is the object, why not 
American wool. 
tax it? That is the best way to ke'ep it out. 
for the solicita tions of these agents about 'this tariff 
'I do not complain of that, It is proper that 
hill. 
those gentlemen should look to their interests; 
but venture to say, no man has been interrupted 
a moment by any agentof the great fanning in- 
terest of this country. 1 hope Senators will come 
up and vote in such a manner as to protect this 
great interest of the people: I shall do it when- 
ever I have an opportunity. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, my constit- 
uents have the same interest involved in this ques- 
tion as those of the Senator from Michigan and 
the Senator from Kentucky, and I am as anxious 
to protect the wool interest as they canbe•, but 
certainly I do not agree with them in the position 
they have taken. I believe the amendment pro- 
posed by the Senator from Michigan would be 
injurious to the wool-grower; and if we are to 
look at the question us one of protection to the 
wool-grower, I prefer the bill as it stands to the 
amendment proposed either by the, Senator from 
Michigan or the Senator from Kentucky. I ap- 
prehend there is no wool less than 18 cents a 
pourud at a foreign port that comes in competition 
with one pound-of American wool. That cheap 
wool is one that we do not produce, one that we 
cannot produce; and yet the introduction of those 
coarse wools creates a market for ow wools •of a 
better character. 
r l'hey are necessary to-be mixed 
with each other for certain manufactures; and 
hence we encourage the market for the wool that 
we do produce by making any that does not come 
in competition with it free of dut.y, and allowing 
them to be mixed, thus increasing the manufac- 
ture of the article at home. I would have no ob- 
jection to amending t,he bill by adding that wools 
ofa certain value, of the finest quality, may come 
am willing to allow those under 15 and 
in free. 
16 cents, and those over a certain higher limit, to 
Put your duty between thosc two, and 
be free. 
then you will protect cvcry wool-grower, and 
make an additional market for every pound of 
wool made in America. 
This is the result of my examinations and re- 
flections upon the su12ject. The theory proposed 
by the Senator from Kentucky, that all these du- 
ties ought to be ad valorem, is a beautiful theory. 
i think the theory is just; and if the 
I admit it. 
practice were as good as the tbeoi•y, I would not 
listen for an instant to anything but an ad valorem 
duty. But I suppose, if you will take the pains 
to inquire and in vcstigate this question, you will 
find that there is a (yreater departure from the ad 
talorenu principle under an ad oalorenb tariff than 
there is under one of specific duties. 
I suppose 
it is no longer secret, and no man informed on 
the subject wili pretend to question any longer, 
that it ma•y be sa;d to be the constant habit of for- 
Cign ilnpot•ters to make false invoices, sustained 
by an affidavit, on which the purchaser in this 
country can cheat the Government out of one half 
go specific duty, except"wheyeal think fit-is 
essential to -correct' fraud; and' •to-protect '-some 
Amei•icän, interest, Cither from -fraud or combina- 
tion; but iri a-II such cases I am pre»ared to -voæ 
for it. 
Now, sir, in regard to. this item of wool, -itis 
Said that very fine wools may bé brought inmi*ed 
with dirt, and other-filthy substances,-to 
the price below 18 cents; and then, when it' ig 
cleaned, it is worth 45 cents. Werall know, és- 
peeially those Of us who investigate the question, 
that those tricks have been played; and there is 
a provision iri this bill that guards against them. 
That provision is, wherever there has béeri any 
admixture with inferior material of any kind, so 
as to bringthe price below 18 cents, the very high- 
est duties shall be paid, -charging 9 cents duty in 
that case, in order to prevent fraud. That is the 
best guarantee that I can get' against frauds in re- 
card to coarse wools. 
Then, I come back to the -pointfrom Which il 
started: that the free list, so far 08 these coarse 
woolens are conéerned, is beneficial to 'the wool* 
grower, instead of iniurious. I am •not surprised 
that some Senators •look with a little amazement 
at such a declaration; for I thought it was an ab- 
surdity when I first heard the propositiozr ad- 
vanced; but an investigation -has satisfied me itis 
clearly so. I do not intend to go -into the discus- 
sion. of this tariff question; that I havc•not 
been able to i_nvestigate thoroughlyas would 
like. I have endeavoredto examine it, and I have 
I think I have got along as 
made some progress. 
well as some Senators, and perhaps a little better. 
I have learned enough about it to know that I 
know scarcely anything about it at all; and aman 
makes considerable progress on aquestiön of this 
kind when he ascertains that fact. 
I feel that' ',we 
are striking great interests in the dark. While 
we are trying to protect and save one branch. of 
industry, we are striking a deadly blow a-t hn- 
other. A tariff involves two conflicting princi- 
ples which are eternally at war with each other. 
Every tariff involves the principles of protection 
and of oppression, the principles of benefits and 
of burdens. Every duty levied upon the import- 
atioo ofa foreign article, which comes in compe- 
tition with our home production, is a protectiön 
to that extent. Every duty levied upon a raw 
material which we do not manufactuie here is a 
tax upon the manufacturer of that article here. 
Thus you find that, by protecting one interest, 
perhaps you will oppose another. For instancc, 
If I am engaged in the manufacture of pig iron, 'I 
'Vant a duty that will protect my interest. You 
give it to me, and then a man eneaged in another 
branch of the iron business comes and says that 
the picr iron I manufacture is his raw material, 
and by protectinM me and my manufacture of that 
article, you put a tax on his raw material to his 
injury. He has been injured Ato the Same extent 
th'at I have been benefited; and. then he •wants 
the duty. I have seen the evidence of that, I re- 
gret to say, in this very city. You cannot now protection on another point to:make -up for the 
loss on the raw material. Thus, when you at- 
order a dress from Paris v,'lt.hout getting a •letter 
tempt to- discriminate for the purpose of benefit- 
*for payment at one price, and an invoice sworn 
incr one, you are striking a blow at another. The 
to at about half the price, to pay the duties on. I 
can find the evidences of that in every departmcnt great difficulty is, so tb adjust these conflicting 
of this Government, and call my witnesses in principles of benefits and burdens, as to make one 
every branch .of the Government; not that they compensate for the other in the end, and give 
have been parties to the fraud. They order the equal benefits and equal burdens to every class 
article; and, as a matter of course, a false invoice of the community. 
I take it for granted that is vv'hat we are aiming 
comes with a false affdavit sustaining it, and then ! 
I am afraid that the bill does not 
at in t.his bill. 
a bill with double price, for you to pay for it, 
I fully concur in the remarks made by the Sen- 
I do not expect it to be put in 
ator from Michigan on this subject; and f would thinking that you wouid pay them a good price accomplish it. 
such a shape that I can vote for it; but I am de- 
readiiy accept his amendrnent in the place of the for the articie, if they enabled you to cheat the 
termined that I will help to perfect it, and make 
one 1 have offered, but for the fact that 1 prefer Government out of half the duty. 
it as little objectionable as possibles in order that, 
1 
i think that a tax upon val- My opinion is, that this inust be stopped. 
ad valorem duties, 
am informed, and believe, that thc honest Amer- if it does pass, it shall have the best influences 
ues is tho only just and equitable way of taxation. 
ican importer is being driven out of business rap- upon the country that we can hope for from -a 
But I would suggest to my friend from M.ichigan 
to alter his amendinent and put it at 4 cents a II idly. It is hard work to got an American to be- tariff bill at this session of Congress. 
1 shouid 
pound. That wouid amount to about 20 per II lieve that it is moral and right to import goods not have uttered a word, but for the remarks of 
cent ad c,ciorem. However, .1 will vote for the under false invoices, sustained bv false affidavits. i the Senator from Michigan in defense of the wool 
Senator's amendment. I admit I would prefer the On the continent of Europe there is a very differ- 
interest, and thc remarks of the Senator from 
amendment that I have proposed; but I will vole ent idea in regard to custom-house oaths. Aman in defense of the great farming interest 
for every and any amendment to this bill that would not stand respectable for intelligence as a of the West, in which remarks I think they have 
merchant, ove+ there, whose conscience would both mistaken the interest of our section of the 
strikes at the combination of manufacturincy in- 
II shrink from favoring his customer on this side by country, so faras this question ofwoolisinvoived. 
terests to protect the great farmincr and laboring 
these little appliances of false invoices and false I Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, the wooi that 
interest of thc country. That greatest interest of I 
is imported free of duty is almost all the wool -that 
the country has had no lobby agents here. Charn- oaths. For this reason, whilc I indorse the the- 
bers of commerce have heen here to protect the• ory of an ad duty, I cannol close my eyes is imported, and that amounts to nearly twenty- 
great commercial interests of the country; the to the fact that it is ascriesofunmitigated frauds; five million poundsayear. Now, if tbc agricultural 
agents of your shipping interest are here; your and we musl try to arrive at the practical, honest interext is not to receive any benefit from this tariff 
manufacturing interests are, here. Senators can : importation, cven if we have to put specific duties 
scarcely remain quiet in their chambers, at night, in some cases to prevent these frauds. I will not as it now stands, iL is merely nominal; it does not 
