954 
amount- to' anything. Let us either tax all wool I 
somethinæ, or- strike all the tax out. 
'Phe Senator from Rhode Island says that wool 
in this country that is not worth 18 cents a pound 
is not worth raising. It is that very fraud 
in valuation that I am opposed. That valuation 
of wool under 20 cents a pound is all a fiaud. It 
is brought to this country from Australia in the 
dirt, and a great deal of it is brought from Buenos 
Ayres; and when it is cleaned,- it comes in com- 
petition with the finest wool produced inethe Uni- 
ted If you are going to tax foreign wools, 
lay a duty on them. am a producer in a small 
way in Michigan of fine wool. 1 do not ask any 
protection for that, and II do not care anything 
about it. We get a very good price for wool; it 
is a very good business; and I want to see the 
farming interest flourish, and tarn their attention 
more to the production of wool, so as to supply 
the entire manufactures (,fthe United States. We 
have the capacity to do it. Now, what I propose 
is to lay a duty on all wool, of 3 cents a pound. 
On this wool valued under 20 cents a pound it 
amounts to 12 per cent. That is not prohibitory. 
That is not so excessive in its amount of taxabion 
as to affect the manufacturers in the slightest de- 
It only aids and helps and encourages the 
production-of wool in this country. Thisduty on 
the finer wools is all a fraud; it is all a deception; 
and t.his introduction of wool under 20 cents a 
pound is all a fraud and a deception, because it is 
fine Wool that is introduced chiefly. I have been, 
myself* in woolen manufactories m western New 
Y uk, two hundred miles from the seaboard, and 
seen, them making fine cassimeres from wool that 
came from Australia, because they would not pay 
40 cents a pound for American wool. 
I know 
what I say about that, for I have seen it. 
Mr. CAMERON. 1 only word to Buy; 
and I shali occupy no time. 
I think the Senator 
from Michigan and the Senator from Kentucky 
mistake the interests of the am•icullurist on this 
question. Thetrueprotection for t.he wool-grower 
is protection for the manufacturer of these goods. 
The state of business is now such that there is not 
a, single manufactory of broadcloth in the United 
States. Under the tariffof 1842, manufactories of 
that article grew up, and the finest broadcloths in 
the world were made here. 
I repeat, there is not 
now a single manufactory of that kind in the 
United States. 
The gentleman, speaking of his wool, reminds 
me of the contest that there used to be in my 
State in favor of protection for coal. Our coal 
operators were constantly tal king about protection. 
Many of. us them told that the way to protect their i 
coai was to protect the iron, and thus make a 
market for their coal. They have all become con- 
vinccd of it. As our iron business flourishes, so 
docs the coal business; and as the wool manufac- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
I wish to do 
willing to vote for any amendment. 
them no injustice; but they will vote for any- 
thing that is proposed, provided it will divide us, 
and destroy the bill. Had wc not better take the 
bill as itis, relying on our own friends, and fix any- 
thing wrong in ib next year when we shalt have 
a majority here, and can correct. all that is wrong ? 
That seems to be the true way of getting at it; 
and if all •will adhere to that, we shall pass the 
bill to-day, and give gladness and prosperity to 
this country everywhere. 
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, we are ad- 
monished to-day to take care of the interests of 
the farmers. The farmers are a very strong class 
of men in this country, and I never knew any- 
body bold enough to make an attack upon them. 
It is a very easy thing to talk n great deal of the 
interests of the farmer, for they are stroncr and 
they are powerful; but. I tl'link that any man 'Who 
will study the revenue system of the country for 
a generation, will come to the conclusion that the 
agricultural interests of the,country are promoted I 
more indirectly than directly—promoted by in- 
creasing the commercial, the manufacturing, and 
the mechanical interests, and thereby indirectly 
promoting the interests of the farmers of the 
country. 
Now, sir, we were told four years ago, when 
the tariff of 1857 was before us, and a proposition 
was made to admit wool duty free under 20 cents 
a pound, that it would hostile to the interests 
of the wool-growers of the country; and some of 
them came here and protested against that change. 
Commercial men—men who have studied and 
mastered this whole question, who understand it 
in all its bearings and relations in our own coun- 
try, and in all the commercial and manufacturing 
countriesin the world—came here with facts; they 
came here with this declaration; that the intro- 
duction into tllis country of the cheap wools of 
Buenos Ayres and Australia, and other portions 
of the world, worth less than 20 cents a pound, 
instead of diminishing the prices of the wool 
amendments now pending. The amendment of 
the Senator from Michigan is first in order, as that 
proposes to perfect the section ;and then the amend- 
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, which pro- 
poses to strike out. No amendment can now be 
received as in order. 
Mr. WADE. I believe I represent thé greatest 
wool-growing State in the Union. That Interest 
has been thriving under the present tariff, I do not 
know but satisfactorily; but I do not now wish 
I am satisfied with 
to raise the duty on wool. 
that in the original bill, if it can be carried out 
honestly and fairly; but I have reason to believe, 
and do believe, that under the tariff as it stands 
a large amount of wool cont)es into this country 
free which really and honestly ought to be sub- 
jected to a duty. All that I desire is to correct 
that: to have it honest; to have wool come under 
18 cents per pound that is really worth no more 
I am willing that should come in free; 
than that. 
but I fear that wool worth more than that is fre- 
quently mixed up with foreign substances for the 
very purpose of reducing it below that amount in 
order to bring it in free. 
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is provided for in 
this bill. 
Mr. WADE. I know it is attempted to be 
provided for; and the only objection I have, to the 
provision of the bill is, that it is exceedingly diffl- 
cult to prove under it the intention, for it must be 
done with a certain intent. There are words in 
I it which seem to me to render it very dificult to 
I make the proof. I will read this clause: 
ProciBed, That any wool of the sheep, or hair of the al- 
paca, the goat, and other like animals, whic& shall be im- 
ported in any other than the. ordiaary condition, as now and 
heretofore practiced, or which shali bc changed in its char- 
acter or condition for the pu rpose of evading the dutv, or 
which shall be reduced in value by the adtnixture of dirt or 
any foreign substance, to 18 cents per pound, or less, shall 
be subject to pay a duty ot• 9 cents per pound, anything in 
this act to the contrary notwithstanding. 
Now, sir, who can prove, when it comes in, that 
it was done for the purpose of evading the duty— 
grown in our own country, would increase the the intent with which it was done? 
demand for our own wool, and increase its price. 
Four years of experience proved their declara- 
tions to be true; and why does it, sir? The woolen 
manufactories of the country iöul' years ago were 
nearly all closed. It has been stated here to-day 
that the manufactories of broadcloth have ceased 
nearly altogether. T Ele manufacturers of wool in 
nearly all their departments were ruined, and their 
mills closed throughout the whole country. By 
admitting these wools, fourths of which are have had somc experience, endeavored to frame 
cheap coarse wools, when cleaned of dirt, some I 
fine wools, I grant, are admitted among them; 
but the great mass of that wool is of a cheap, 
coarse character, such as we do not raise. in our 
own country; by admitting those woolsduty free, 
the manufacturers were able to open their mills 
turers in this country flourish, so will flourish the and enlarge their business, and increase their de- 
wool-growers of the country. They cannot pre- ii ruand our own wools; and uuderthc operation 
and they of this systetn, woolen manufactories have in- 
tend to cxport any wool; it is useless; 
can havenomarketunlcss they have manufactories creased in valuc and importance, and the prices 
of t.hcarticle at home. Fifty years ago, the people of wools in this country for four years past haw 
of the South came here with precisely the same ruled higher than they ruled the four years pre- 
proposition as the Senator from Michigan now ceding. This result was predicted in these Cham- 
makcsaboutwool, in regard to their cotton. Thcy bers, four years ago, as certain and inevitable; 
asked Congress to impose a duty of 3 cents a and I bclicve to-day, that if you .cbange this, if 
pound upon all cotton that might be imported. 
you strike out the admission of Lhese chcap wools, 
There was not a single ounce imported; but we vou will ckosc, to a large extent, the woo:en mills 
gave them the protection. It was never needed; bt- the country; and you wiii by that means re- 
duce the price of your own native wool. 
and so it will be in regard to wool. 
I rose, however, more for this purpose than Now, sir, I concur entirely whal the Sena- 
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do 
to prove it. 
IVII•. WADE. that. 
Mr. BIGLER. The fact itself will be conclu- 
sive. 
Mr. CLARK. Look the next clause. 
Mr. WADE. I have looked at it; and it seems 
to me it does not do away entirely with the ob- 
jection. 
I have, in connection with others who 
an amendvnent which will entirely obviate my 
objection. It would not be for the interests of the 
wool-growers of the State of Ohio to injure the 
manufacturers. Their interests, in my judgment, 
ace identical. The more wool they can be induced 
to use up, the more it will be for the interest of 
the farmer who supplies them with that article 
I do not desire to do -anything in this bill that 
shall workto their disadvantage; but thcn, I want 
the duty, so fur as it tends to their protection, an 
honest one; that wool that is really of a higher 
value than the bill provides for under that condi- 
tion shall not be imported, by mixing it up with 
foreign substanccs, as Iam told is frequently done. 
Indeed, the provision here presupposes that that 
is frequently done, and it undertakes to provide 
against it, and to exclude it in the same way t.aat, 
I do. Now, sir, if the amendment that shall 
offer, should that of the Senator from {Michigan 
fail, can be shown not to be better calculated to 
any other: to say that this constant change of its tor from Illinois has said upon this point. We effect the sarne purpose than the bill, theu I will 
provisions by our own friends is going to destroy W' raise loss than seventy million pounds of wool in 
be content with the bill as it is; for I say again, 
the bill. 'I'his bill has been prepared by a com- 
our own country; I think but a little more than I i it is no part of my purpose to place, any disad- 
mittee of gentlemen conversant with the subject, 
, sixty millions. We import from twenty to twen- 
vantacre to our own manufacturers, for I think 
men from different sections of the country, every . ' ty-five million antiually. A large portion of it, in 
their interest is the same as that of the producer. 
one Of whom has had his mind upon it for a year fact nearly all of it, except a portion of the very Mr. BIGLER. I will sng«est to the Senator 
or more; and they must understand it better than fine and costly wools, of which we raise very from Ohio whether, if we vvere to strike out the 
we who are here. 
little—a large portion of it is of that cheap char- ti l,vords, " fbL' the purpose of evading the duty," 
have never scen any legis- 
ii 
lation made in the body that is useful at ail; you acter demanded by the manufacturing interests of in the seventeenth line, that would not be satis- 
must trust your committees; and we have had an the country; and by the importation of it the mills factory to him? Then it would leave it standing 
able committee on this subject. 
in addition to ii are enabled to go on and enlarge, and to purchase upon the naked fact that the wool had been mixed 
that, we have had a select committee cxanuning our own wools, and that, too, at •high prices; and i' with foreign substances. 
this question; and cach of them tried to guard the experience has shown that, instead of' these wools Mr. WADE. I am disposed to think that 
reducing the price of our own wools, they have would work the very change I •wrish to effect, 
interests of the country. The gentleman from 
Ohio has altered one item already. It has given increased those prices by being brought into the Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make a single re- 
some offense probably to some friends of the bill, 
country free, and being mixed in the manufacture mark in reply to N.vhat fell from the Senator from 
although that proposition may be right. 
If we of our own better sort of wools. 
Kentucky. He said this bill was made, under the 
makeumother amendment, it may give offense to; Mr. WADE. Is it now in order to move to influence of delegations from big cities, and he 
somebody else. We have but a majority of two i amend the amendment ? 
ventured to say that [ had not consulted with 
or throe, and our opponents on the other side are The PRESIDING OFFICER, There are two farmers, and if I had, I would not have made such 
