1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBD. 
The honorable Senator says he would not con- 
sider it a necessary. Perhaps I would not, or per- 
haps I might. 
It would depend on whether we 
had been accustomed to its use. We all know 
that such is the consumption of tobacco through- 
out the world, that the potentates of Europe have 
been enabled to speculate on the necessities of 
their poor, and make them take it in the most 
d ragged , deteriorated , and injurious form , because 
they will take it, and derive a large revenue from 
it. Now, as to the Senator's idea that the poorer 
people, who use these inferior cigars, are not in- 
terested in having cheap cigars, leave t.hat issue 
with him, as an ordinary question of political 
economy. I take it for granted they can better 
determine from their earnings whether they can 
afford to buy cigars that are brought in from Ger- 
many, and bought there at $2 '50 a. thousand, 
cheaper than they can afford to buy those that 
arc manufactured by the labor around them. 
I have moved in this matter because really 
looked on these cheap cigars as a-necessary, and 
found that they had been prohibited, and that the 
more expensive cigars had been treated very len- 
icntly by the rate of duty, because cigars at $15 a 
thousand pay but 25 per cent. under the impo- 
sition here. 
I speak in round terms. You pro- 
hibit the necessary by expensive taxes, and ad- 
mit the luxury under the small tax. Now, to 
the weight 
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to understand the hon- 
orable Senator, if he will allow me to interrupt 
him. 
Mr. MASON. Certainly. 
Mr. BAYARD. understand him to say that 
it takes thirteen thousand of these cigars to make 
a pound. I doubt it very much. 
Mr. MASON. I did not say that it takes thir- 
teen thousand of these to a pound; but that 
there are thirteen pounds of these cicrars to a thou- 
sand. 
It is just the very opposite of what the 
Senator supposes. The Senator from Pennsyl- 
vania doubted the estimate. 
Mr. BIGLER. The German cigars run about 
six pounds to the thousand, and the other from 
ten to twelve pounds to the thousand. 
Mr. MASON. What were the Senator's 
sources of information? 
Mr. BIGLER. My friend from Rhode Island, 
who actually weighed thcm during thc sittings of 
our committee. 
Mr. MASON. I will tell you the sources of 
information I had. I had no more idea of the 
number of cigars it would take to make a pound 
than the honorable Senator has of how much mo- 
lasses it would take to make a yard. [Laughter.] 
One is as much confounded as the other. 
tained, through a friend of mine, the information 
from a German impor.ter in Baltimore. The re- 
ply of the importer was that the German ciffars 
which were sold at $2 50 to $3 a thousand weighed 
about thirteen pounds to the thousand. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not wish to prolong 
I should think that anybody who 
this debate. 
read the original bill, and read the amendments, 
would understand the object of the committee in 
In the original bill, 
classifying these cigars. 
cigars were all taxed at 50 cents a pound, no mat- 
ter what they cost. MT e have rnade three stages, 
and put 20 cents a pound on the very low ciTars, 
costing $5 a thousand and under; 40 cents a pound 
on those between $5 and $10 a thousand; and 60 
cents a pound, with an addition to that of 10 per 
cent. on those above a thousand; becnose we 
knew there were some of these very costly cigars, 
and we thought we could very well put a little 
ad talorem duty on them in addition to the specific 
duty. Now, sir, the Senator from Virginia has 
taken an hour to show that we put the lowest 
rates on the highest cigars; that is, that 60 cents 
is lower than 20! That is the amount of it. He 
trics to make it out that 20 cents is more than 60 
cents by pound weight. When you come to the 
ad tol.orenb duty in this case, if I understand the 
structure of the sentence, it applies only to the 
highest cigars That is the way I have been 
taught to read. But perhaps I did not study in 
the right school; and I never went to school much, 
anyhow. 
Now, I will tell you about the weight of the 
cigars. The Senator from Pennsylvania is mis- 
taken about my weighing them. One of my col- 
leagues on the select committee was the Senator 
frorn Vermont, [Mr. COLLAMER.] He is about 
as accurate in everything he does as any man I 
ever knew. You hardly ever hear him utterasen- 
tence here that does not come in form as if it-had 
been weighed forty times over in balance. He 
weighed these cigars, and told me the result of the 
specimens he got. Then the minister from Ger- 
i many camc in herc occasionally, and called my 
attention to the enormity of this 50 cents a pound 
duty. In order to get at it, I askeg him the weight 
of the cheap cigars, and he said that he thought 
they weighed about six to eight pounds a thou- 
I sand. He wanted me to make another stage in 
this matter, as the Senator from Virginia does. 
He thought it would do much to conciiiateforeign 
nations by our taking off these duties! If I had 
•one to an importer of cigars, I should •have ex- 
pected him to weigh the heaviest ones he had, to 
show how enormoüs these duties -were; but I 
thought that the distinguished representative of 
that country to our Government was a man of 
honor; that I was safe in assuming that he told 
me about what the fact was. I did not calculate to 
go all over the city, and find out what was ria•ht to 
put on the $5 a thousand cigars. I supposeä' they 
would weigh about •eight pounds to the thousand, 
and that would make a duty of $1 60, which would 
be a little over 30 per cent. 
I agree that this is 
over our average rate. If they did not weigh more 
than six pounds to the thousand, it •would be less. 
I thought the use of these cigars, and especially 
the cheap ones, was one of the greatest vices that 
the young men were subject to. You see boy 
going along the streets now, eleven years old, with 
a cio•ar in his mouth. 
I never did th rash mine 
much, but if I caught one of them at it when he 
was young, think I should be. tempted to depart 
from my usual rules of discipline. [Laughter.] 
'I'he Senator from Virginia says this is a neces- 
sary. So is liquor to some people. We put 75 
cents a gallon on brandy. That is as necessary 
to some people as bread. I am not a very strong 
temperance man myself; but I certainly would put 
about as high a duty on liquors as I would on 
tobacco, and I chew tobacco every day; and when 
I cannot get good, I have to chew bad. I have 
crot into such a foolish habit that I cannot very 
welldo without it, and I have some sympathy for 
those who get addicted to vices; bull do not want 
to coax them into them by regulating the tariff. 
The minister from Germany told me that these 
cheap cigars weighed from six to eight pounds to 
the thousand. 
Mr. TRUMBULL. TvVhatdid the Senator from 
Vermont say ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. He weighed some Habanas, 
and they weighed a pound to the hundred. These 
German cigars, however, are the meanest kind of 
cigars and the lightest kind and the cheapest kind, 
and they have the lowest duty on them. 
thought there would have been so much noise 
about it, I believe I should have let the House 
duty of 50 cents a pound stand; but I thought we 
might very welk reduce that, and graduate it ac- 
cording to the quality of the articles. My pur- 
pose has been all along to try to periict this bill, 
so that there could be no more paper calculations 
about its being 160 per cents; but it does not make 
any difference what you do; I believe if you put 
these cigars at 5 cents a pound, somebody would 
make it out that the duty was 400 per cent. ; and 
and if it was 40 cents, they would make it out 20 
per cent. , if that suited thcm. They can cipher 
anything. Anybody who reads the amendment, 
will know that the committee intended to grad- 
ing the geneml mode of assessing d•tw., he 
should be,p.teparedto informrthe 
mode will. 
former mode. said to him, as •uppose other 
Senators iVill say, that had not the most remote 
idea how, much a thousand cigars wot.ild 
I • know the- experience of our countey has beeh 
that. cigars are purchase& at home, as well as 
abroad, by the. -tale; not by weight; and yet- he 
comes in here and confounds,.in the assessing of 
his duty, the weight of cigars and the number. 
To get the information necessary, L sought it in 
the mode i have stated. < L got it. from an importer 
of these cheap cigars. do not know that I ever 
saw one of them; but it was reported that ittook 
thirteen pounds in weight to make a thousand' I 
knew, adso, •what the Senator seems to be or as• 
surnes to be incredulousof•i that tobacco, like:teæ, 
like wine, like brandy, is valued- notby its weight, 
not by its balk, but by its flavor. ItokNtheSenator 
what had seen in my own State-—two hdgshéad8 
of tobacco raised in the same-county, inithe same 
year, on two different plantations, within; two 
miles of each other, one hogshead selling at a 
hundred, and. the other at $80—800 per cent. dif. 
ference. What made -that difference ? 
Mr. SIMMONS. do hot mean 
the accuracy of these statements at all. 
Mr. MASON. ido not understand that; but•l 
understood the Senator to assign very little weight 
to the fact that. flavor discriminated the value; and 
yet it does; and I said what [ happened to,have 
heard from gentlemen who have been conversant 
with the markets in Havana, and have been curi" 
ous in their cigars—I am not so. 
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Vir- 
ginia will allow me, I state that I,am informed 
by one of our doorkeepers, who was ill-the cigar 
business, that the average weight is about seven 
and a half pounds to the thousand. 
Mr. MASON. know.nothing about the door- 
keeper, or what his business is when he i* at home; 
but I suppose the weight of the cigar will depend 
upon the quality of the tobacco in it. I stated 
what I happened to hear incidentally—that in 
the prices that are paid by the very wealthy peo- 
ple for their indulgencies, they paid as -high as 
$500 a thousand for their cigars. During this 
winter—not in reference to this billin the slightest 
degree, certainly before I knew there; was such a 
provision in the bill, and the gentleman to whom 
I referred had no kno wledge of it—a friend: of mine 
gave me a cigar; a single one of an importation at 
$500athousand. They are discriminated by their 
flavor entirely; yet the scheme of this bill is. to 
impose a tax on the poorer class who use the 
cheaper cigars, to the exemption of the more 
wealthy class, who can afford to indulge in this 
whirn, this taste, which the Senator seems to be 
incredulous about. 
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 do not we be 
able to finish this bill, to-day; and I move that the 
Senate adjourn. 
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on 
a division—ayes 11, noes 24. 
Mr. BAYARD. I am by no means sure that 
I shall not vote for the amendment of the honor- 
able Senator from Virginia, to reduce the duty on 
these cigurs one,hulf. They are fixed in the bill 
. at varying rates, according to the valuation, and 
his proposition is to reduce the duties one half. 
I think he has fallen into some errors in his state- 
I do not believe that, under any circum- 
ment. 
stances, the flavor of cigars ever made the cost 
uate these duties according to the value of the I in Cuba anything like an approximation to the 
article. 
I never heard of any cigars at $500 to the thou- 
sand, that the Senator speaks of. They v,.rould be 
50 cents apiece. If a man smoked them as much 
as some men smoke, he would want $1,000,000 
I do not know but 
income to find him in cigars. 
I have got so that I 
that there are such cigars. 
never dispute any extravagant statement which is 
made when a tariff is up. The Senator tries to 
make out that we impose a lower duty on the 
amount he states. I do not think that cigars ever 
cost in Cuba, dependent upon their flavor, 
I a thousand, much less $500. I do not mean to 
say that men may not pay that for fancy cigars, 
, put up in. boxes which have no value, allowing 
themselves to be fooled into the payment of ex- 
travagant sums in that way; mean to gay 
that the flavor of thé cigar will not vary its price 
in the island of Cuba—I think know something 
about it—so as to make it exceed over $60 or $70 
t highest priced cigars. -well, if there are any a thousand at the outside, dependent on the flavor' 
cigars at $500 a thousand, the pound duty would independent of any particular mode of making the 
be $1 50, and the 10 per cent. in addition would cigar, and the mode in which it is put up, and all 
the contrivances that men resort to in -order to 
be $50, making the duty $51 50 on $500. 
never heard of any such cigars before. That please thc eye. If you chooSe to indulge in the 
story was not got up until this bill was made; and luxury of the eye, connected with the form of the 
cigar and the mode in which it is prepared, and 
I hope we shall not alter it for that. 
Mr. MASON. I think we have a right to ex- all that, in preference to the flavor, of Course you 
peet that when a Senator brings in-a bill chang- must pay for it; but as regards the mere question 
