960 
ganobe, considered, in the House by unanimous 
consent; and, to bring it beiöre the House, I will 
move toxeconsider the vote by -which it was re- 
ferred. 
Mr. WINSLOW. lhopethe bill will be passed. 
It is a very meritorious case. 
Mr. SICKLES. The report of the Committee- 
on Foreign Affairs was unanimous. 
The motion to reconsider was agree_d to; and 
the bill was brought before the House for consid- 
eration. 
Mr. BABBITT. 1 object. 
Mr. SICKLES. very well; let the bill go back 
to a Committee of the Whole House again. 
The bill was referred to a Committee of 
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying 
repor&,: QEdered to be printed. 
PRAIRIE DU CHIEN LANDS. 
An act (S. No. 472) for the relief of certain 
claimants- to farm lands at Prairie du Chien, in 
the State of Wisconsin, was takenfrom the Speak- 
er's table, read a first and second time, and re- 
förred to the Committee on Public Lands. 
RANDALL PEGG. 
Mr. MOORHEAD. There is certain bill on 
the Speaker's table for the relief of Randall Pegg, 
appropriating about two hundred dollars, for pay- 
ing him the difference between the pay he received 
as watchman at the Patent OMce, and that re- 
ceived by the other watchmen. 
The bill was read. 
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 will state that 1 reported 
It -is a meritorious 
a similar bill to the House. 
case, and I hope it will be passed. 
There being no obiectiofi, the bill was taken 
from thc Speaker's table, received its several read- 
ings, and was passed. 
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the 
vote by which thc bill was passed; and also moved 
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
COPY-RIGHT LAW—AGAIN. 
Mr. COX. I ask again that the Senate amend- 
monts to House bill No. 584, to extend the right 
of appeal from decisions of circuit courts to the 
Supreme Court of tbc United States, may be taken 
up, and the amendments of the Senate concurred 
in. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. amend- I 
ment of importance is one which extends the 
same right. of appeal to irEventors in patent cases. 
Mr. fiOARD. Is that a private bill ? 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The bill has passed 
both Houses unanimously. I hope the gentle- 
man will not object. 
There being no objection, the Senate amend- 
were concurred in. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider 
the vote by which the amendments of the Senate 
were concurred in; and also moved to lay the 
motion to reconsidsr on the table. 
The latter 1110tion was agreed to 
PATENT LAW. 
Mr. NIBLACK. There is Senate 
on the table, which has passed both I-louses. 
is Senate bill No. 10, to amend an act in addi- 
1 
tion to " An act to promote the useful arts.' 
ask that it may be taken up, and the action of the 
Senate considered. 
'There being no objection, the bill •q.ras taken 
up. 
Mr. NIBLACK. The Senate havo disagreed 
to the action of the House in various amendments. 
i move that the House insist, and ask for a com- 
mittee of conference. 
The motion l,'vras agreed to. 
JAMES SMITH. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16. 
NEW MEXICO MILITARY ROAD. 
Mr. OTERO. I ask the consent of the House 
to take from the Speaker's tabte bill No. 
200, to provide for the completion of the military 
road from Fort Union to Santa Fé, New Mcxico. 
The Senate have put an amendment on the bill, 
which I ask the House to concur in. 
The amendment was read. 
Mr. CAREY. 1 object. 
COMMITTEE OF TIIOLB. 
Mr. TAPPAN. I now move that the House 
go into a Committee of the Whole House on the 
Private Calendar. 
The motion was aereed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into a 
Committee of the Whble House on the Private 
Calendar, (IVIr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in the 
The CHAIRMAN. This day, the Committee 
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar has, 
under the order of the House, been made an ob- 
jection day. The Clerk will therefore proceed 
to call the Calendar, at the point where the call 
ceased on the last objection day, being at House 
bill No. 5795 for the relief of Thomas F. Bowler, 
of New Mexico. 
Mr. WINSLOW. oforder. 
I understand the Chairman to say that the call of 
the Calendar would be resumed where it was left 
off on the last objection day. I submit that this 
being objection day by special order, the call of' 
the Calendar ought to be commenced with thc first 
bill upon the Calendar. Such, I believe, was the 
understanding of the House this morning, when 
this was made objection day in the Committee of 
the Whole, House on the Private Calendar. 
The CHAIRMAN.. The Chair is not aware 
vvhat was the understanding of the House. He 
has proposed, on this occasion, to proceed with 
the call, under the rules and practice of the House. 
Therefore, he has directed the Clerk to begin the 
call where it was left off on last objection day. 
Mr. WINSLOW. That would bc a correct 
proceeding, if we were now in Committee on the 
Private Calendar upon one of the objection days 
set apart by the rules. But such is not the case. 
hope 
We are not,v acting undera special order. 
that there will be no objection to carrying out 
what I thought was the cyeneral un(lerständing; 
and that is, to begin with the beginning of the 
Calendar, and not upon page 15. 
'rhe CHAIRMAN. The Chair will submit 
the. question to the decision of tl-le House. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 hope we will begin with 
the beginning of the Calendar; for we will then 
be enabled to go through the entire Calendar, and 
not through only a parit of it.. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee has heard 
the proposition. is there objection to it? 
Mr. PERRY. 1 object. 
ri'he CHAIRMAN. 'The question will be sub- 
mitted to the House. 
I hope we will 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
take up the entire Calendar, and not confine the 
call to Senatc bills. 
Mr. WINSLOW. The order of the House 
confines us to Senate bills. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 think that the gen- 
tleman from North Carolina is mistaken as to the 
order of the liouse limiting the call to the Senate 
bills upon the Calendar. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk informs the 
Chair that the order of the House was for a gen- 
eral call of the Caley)dar, including House bills 
as well as Senate bills. The question now is, 
shall the call begin with the beginning of the Cal- 
endar instead of where it was left off on the last 
objection to-day? 
The CHAIRMAN. The order of the House 
was general. 
Mr. FLORENCE. My understandingisthat 
when the Smith case was up, the House agreed 
to take up the Senate bills. The Smith bill was 
a Senate bill; and it wras understood that the order 
included it; but if we go on as the Chairman has 
decided, that case will not be reached. It is a 
meritorious case; and I will tell the gentleman 
who objected to it that, if he will look into it, he 
will be satisfied that it ought to be passed. 
Mr. TOMPKINS. to the pending bill. 
I understand the House has, over and over again, 
refused to pay such claims. 
JOHN MONTZ. 
A bill (H. R. No. 580) for the relief of John 
Montz. 
Mr HOARD 1 object to that bill. 
JAMES BELL. 
A bill (H. R. No. 581) for the relief of the legal 
representatives of .Tameg Bell, late of Chambly, 
in the province of Lower Canada, deceased. 
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object. 
LIEUTENANT FRANCES WARE. 
A bill (H. R. No. 582) for the relief of the legal 
representatives of Lieutenant Francis Ware. 
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I learn from a mem- 
ber in whom I have confidence that none of the 
bills upon this Calendar will allowed to pass; 
and I therefore move that, the. committee rise. 
The motion was disagreed to. 
Mr. STEVENS; of Pennsylvania. 1 object to 
the pending bill. 
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the gentleman objects, 
I hope he will let the Clerk read the letter df the 
Register. 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 object. 
The bill seems to institute a hunt after heirs. 
JACOB HALL. 
A (H. R. No. 584) for the relief of Jacob 
Hall. 
Mr. OTERO. 1 object. 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New 
Mexico being a Delegate, and not a member, the 
Chairman cannot receive his objection. 
Mr. McKNIGHT 1 object. 
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 move that the committee 
rise. 
The motion was not agreed to. 
FREDERICK F. BROSE, DECEASED. 
A bill (H. R. No. 586) for the relief of the legal 
representatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased. 
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 object to that. 
1 will 
object to everything. 
DEFICIENCY DILL. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand that the com- 
mittee of conference on the deficiency bill is ready 
to report; and in order that sve may receive that 
report, I move that the committee rise. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker havino• 
resumed the chair, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, 
reported that the Committee of the Whole House 
had, according to order, had the Private Calendar 
under consideration, and had come to no conclu- 
Sion thereon. 
Mr. SICKLES. I submit the following report: 
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of 
thc two Houses on the amendxnents to the bill ( [i. R. No. 
866) to suppfy deficiencies in appropriations för the fiscal 
year ending Junc 30, 1861," having met, after full and free 
conference, have agreed to reconnnend to their respective 
Houses, as fonows : 
'l'hat the Senate recede from their disam:tnent to the 
arnend:nents of the House to the second and sixth arncnd- 
The question wag taken; and the motion was Inents of the Senate, and concur i" said unændments (Jt• the 
disagreed to. 
"onse. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will begin to 
That the House recede from their disagreement to the 
Mr. TOMPKINS. I ask the unanimous con- 
call the Calendar where it was left off on last fifth amendtnent of the Senate, and agree to the same 
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of 
objection day. 
the Whole House from the f*urthcr consideration 
II The Clerk then proceeded with the call. 
of Senate bill No. 134, for the relief of James 
Sm ith. 
The bill was read. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 ask the gentleman to 
withdraw the objection. This is as meritorious 
a case as was ever before Congress. 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with- 
draw his objection? 
Mr. McCLERNAND. 1 do not. 
THOMAS F. BOWLER. 
A bill (H. R. No. 579) for the relief of Thomas 
F. Bowler, of New Mexico. 
Mr. JUNKIN. I give notice that I will object 
to all these bills, unless the call goes back to the 
beginning of the Calendar. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The understanding clearly 
was that we should proceed to take up the Senate 
bills upon the Calendar. 
an ainendinent., as fi)llö'.vs: 
Strike out frotn the second line, of the arnendmenr the 
words and for offiee rent, rue}, &c.•," and in the fourth 
and fittb 
lines of the amendment strike out the words 
$12,857 92," and in lieu thereof insert $10,533 and at 
the end of the a:nendment, add : 
Provided, That no payment shall be made under the terms 
of this appropriation except upon vouchers of moneys actu- 
i ally paid by the several rcceivms and registers. such vouch- 
ers to be, verified by the affidavits both of the rezisters and 
receivers and the parties to whoxn the payinents "have been 
I of the fairness of the prices allowed : ,Rnd procided further, 
That the. seventh section of the act of the 18th of 'August, 
i 1856, " making appropriations for certain eiVii expensés or 
