1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
963 
a bill is again reached, after having been once objected to, 
the connnittee shall consider and dispose OCT,hc same, unless 
it shall again be objected to by at least five members." 
Mr. BOCOCK. I will make one of the five to 
object to that bill. 
I have had occasion to know 
something about it. 
Mr. MORSE. I am another of the objectors. 
I know something about this bitl too. 
Several other MEMBERs objected. 
Mr. FLORENCE. The Gill, will 
be found to be a just and proper bill. 
The CHAIRMAN. The bill is objected to 
under the rules. 
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS. 
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 33) 
ffiving con- 
struction to the second section of the act of Feb- 
to continue half pay to certain 
ruary 3, 1853, 
widows and orphans." 
The joint resolution was read. It provides that 
the second section of the act approved February 
3, 1853, entitled " An act to continue half pay to 
certain widows and orphans,' 
in the following 
words: " That the widows of all officers, non- 
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates of 
the revolutionary arm v, who were married sub- 
sequent to January, 1800, shall be entitled to a 
pension in the sarne Inanael' as those who werc 
married before that date," 
shall be construed as 
granting pensions to all widows therein provided 
for from the 4th of March, 1848, instead of from 
the date of the act hereby amended, as decided 
by the Court of Claims in the case of Jane Smith, 
and the amount due under said act from the 4th 
of March, 1848, to the 3d of February, 1853, shall 
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not 
otherwise appropriated, to bc paid to the persons, 
respectively, entitled upon the pension certificates 
heretofore issued to them, upon proof of' idenli1Y, 
under such rukes, regulations, and instructions to 
the several agents for paying pensions as shall 
be prescribed - hy the Commissioner of Pensions; 
provided that no pension shall be allowed to any 
widow for the same time during which her hus- 
band was living and in the receipt ofa pension. 
Mr. WINSLOW. That is not a private mR- 
It appears to be a joint resolution giving a 
ter. 
construction to a certain public act. 
If so, it is 
here bv mistake. 
Mr. "HUTCHINS. I will explain the resolu- 
lion to the gentleman. 
Mr. W i I do not know what it is. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. The Comnuttee of Claims 
reported this joint resolution to meet a number of 
cases of bills that follow it upon the Caiendar. 
T fie Gentleman will doubtless remember the cases. 
It gives a construction to the law of 1853, dating 
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to 
the joint resolution? 
Mr. HOARD. I am a member of the Com- 
mittee of Claims, and I have read this law. If 
the gentleman from North Carolina will examine 
the statute, and give it the same construction as 
the Court of Claims has given it, I will not object; 
otherwise I will. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 think the joint resolution 
to have. been considered in the Committee 
of the Whole Oil the state of the Union; but if it 
can be passed by informally, until we can have an 
opportunity of examining it, I will not object. 
the advertisement, Was at the fate Of two -dollars 
per ration. Captairi Fraser deClined the solicita- 
tions and offers of his friends from a delicatesense 
of his relation to the Government, and delivered• 
his rations to the collector, (sumcient for about 
ten months' cönsumption,) üt rate of t}iirty 
cents per ration, with the understanding wi{li the 
collector that he should receive suc'han additional 
sum as the Secretary of the' Treasury; undér: the 
circumstances, might consider just' and proper. 
On appiication to the Secretary of-. the Treasury, 
he having no authority to allow it without an.p- 
propriation, it was not paid. A protracted absence 
Mr. •BURNETT. I ask gentlemen what they I m the Pacific and other circumstances have• de- 
propose to do when they object giving these 
parties the relief which •the Court of Claims has 
, decided then) to be entitled to? Will you repu- 
diate the decision of your own court? When 
thesc partics havc gone there, and obtained judg- 
ment in their favor, after employing counsel and 
incurrincr considerable expense, ought the House 
then to repudiate the decision of the court created 
by itself? I say, no. 
The CHAIRMAN. All this discussion is out 
of order. 
Mr. HOARD. lobject to the joint resolution 
for the present; but I will withdraw the objection 
t hereafter, if the gentleman North Carolina, 
after examining the statute, decides that the con- 
struction of the Court of Claims is correct. 
Mr. S'YANTON. 1 think, myself, that there 
may be some doubt about the accuracy of the con- 
struction of the Court of Claims; but I submit to 
the gentleman%from New York, whether he will, 
on a question about which good lawyers undoubt- 
edly differ, when we have provided a tribunal for 
examination of these cases, and when these par- 
ties have incurred expense and delay of litigation, 
refuse these parties relief, 011 the assumption that 
he understands the question a great deal better 
than anybody else? Is it right? 
Mr. PHELPS. This discussion is out oforder. 
I object. 
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion 
The gentleman from New York [Mr. HOARD] 
has objected to the consideration of the joiot res- 
olution. 
Mr. HOARD. For the present. 
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 suggest, that, as the bills 
next on the Calendar, from Che Court of Claims, 
depend on the decision of the joint resolution just 
passed over, we pass these bills over informally, 
for the prescnt. We can examine them after- 
wards. 
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent, 
all the cases on the Calendar from the Court of 
I Claims will be passed over informally. 
back the pensions to 1848. The Pension depart- 
ALEXANDER V. FRASER. 
ment gave it a construction that it only gives the, 
pensions from the date of the law of f853. The A bill (H. R. No. 625) for the relief of Alexan- 
matter was referred to the Court of Claims, and II der V. Fraser. The bill directs the Secretary of 
they decided that the true construction of the law the Treasury to allow and pay to Alexander V. 
Fraser the sum of $3,920, beinm an allowance of 
was, that it related back to 1848. The Commit- 
thirty-five cents a ration upon eleven thousand 
tee of Claims, in order to avoid tbe necessity of 
two hundred rations furnished by him to the Gov- 
passing upon so many private bills, report this 
resolution, which, if passed, will dispose of the crnment for the crew Gf the U Ilited States revenue 
cutter Lawrence, in the year 1849. 
large number •of cases from the Court of Claims, 
The report T,vas read; from whicl'l it appears 
which follow it on the Calendar. 
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman that in the year 1848, Captain Alexander V. Fra- 
ser, theri in command of the United Slates rcve- 
from North Carolina, that these cases were up 
during the last Congress. They are a class of nuc briff Lawrence, was ordered on duty to the 
cases arising under the pension laws, about which Pacific coast of the United States. Previous to 
layed the presentation of the claim to Congress, 
until this time. 
From the arrangement made between the col• 
lector and Captain F raser, it appears that -the 
ernment saved about twenty thousand dollars, 
Captain Fraser having recez.ved for his rations 
$3,360; whereas, under the lowest bid, the same 
number of rations would have cost $23,072, •Which 
he might have made had not a feeling of delicacy. 
at taliinø advantage of the condition of things, 
and a behef that, upon a statement of the facts, a 
just compensation" would be allowed him, in 
accordance with his understanding with the col- 
It appears that, as late as 1853, the prices 
lector. 
paid by the Govefnment for rations San Fran- 
cisco w•as sixty-five cents per ration. The claimant 
asks to be allowed the difference between this price 
and that which was paid him, under which allow- 
ance, if made, the Government will still have saved 
the sum of $16,100. If the proposals under the 
collector's advertisement had been below the sum 
agreed to be paid to the claimant, his contract, 
according to its terms, being no longer obligatory, 
the collector would , have been obliged to accept 
them, and the ciaimant would have suffered se- 
rious loss. This advantage was secured to the 
Government against the claimant under the terms 
of the contract. 
Mr. THOMAS. 1 would like to inquire of 
the gentleman who reports this bill whether there 
has been any reference made to the proper De- 
partment for information? 
Mr. ELY. Yes, sir. The matter was exam. 
ined at the Department, and the committee came 
unanimously to the conclusion that this bill should 
be reported. 
Mr. THOMAS. Is this appropriation recom- 
mended by the Department? 
Mr. ELY. It. is. 
IVI.r. THOMAS. What is the amount? 
Mr. ELY. A little over three thousand dol- 
It appears conclusively that the Govern- 
lars. 
ment saved about sixteen thousand dollars in this 
matter. 
rilhe bill was laid aside, to be reported to the 
I-louse with a recommendation that it do pass. 
STEPHEN F. WILLIS. 
A bill (H. R. No. 626) for the relief of Stephen 
F. Willis. The bill directs the Secretary of the 
Treasury to pay to Stephen F. Willis, the sum• of 
$542 80, being the difference between the amount 
allowed him as weigher at Beaufort, North Curo- 
lina, and the amount to which he is entitled by 
The report was read, from which it appears that 
Willis was weigher at the port of Bcaufort, and 
I in that capacity, during the eighteen months pre- 
ceding March 31. 1857, weighed for the Govern- 
his departurc he agreed with the Govern rnent to I 
there was a difference of construction. The mat- 
ment two thousand four hundred and twelve tons 
supply the crew of his vessel with provisions, 
ter \vas referred to the Court of Claims, and was 
'l'he compen- 
there discussed, and over and over acrain decided which would ship frcnn Ncw York to the west and nine hundred weight of iron. 
II 
sation allowed by law tör this service is three cents 
in favor of tho c.onstruction claimed by the claim- coast, at the ratc of thirty cents per ration, until 
ants. That construction of t.he Court of Claims the Government could advertise. for proposals and for each hund red and twelve pounds weighed. .At 
-vas resisted here during the last Congress, and I make the usual contracts for furnishing the same. this rate, he was entitled to receive $1,447 46. 
On his arrival at San Francisco, the collector of Through a misapprehension of the provisions of 
then introduced a joint resolution, of which f pre- 
same this is a copy, adopting the construction of the port, who had in the mean time been appointed, the act establishing the weigher's fees, he was 
the Court of Claims; and it passed by a vote of was there, and it was found that provisions could paid at the rate of one and seven eighths cents 
•four or five to one. It svas placed upon the groånd be obtained in the usual way. The obligations I for each hundred weight, and the sum of $904 66; 
leaving stifl due the petitioner #542 80. The pe- 
that when parties had once Tone to the court, of the petitioner under his agreemcnt svere at an 
provided by the Government for the litigation of end, and the collector duly advertised for propo- I titioner also prefers a claim for services alleged to 
their claims, aud had obtained from that court, sals for rations in two newspapers during a period I have been rendered by him as inspector, amount- 
tng.to *100 75. 
of thirty days. Captain Fraser, being an ofiicer 
whose intecrity is unquestionable, after much ex- 
In reference to the last claim, while there has 
I of the Governrnent, refused to bid under this ad- 
pense and delay, an adjudication of their rights, 
wo ought not, without a dear case against them, vertisement, although he had then on hand eleven been no satisfactory evidence Of its amount or 
thousand two hundred rations, and was urged by validity produced before the committee; yet, if 
to refuse to grant them relief. 
Mr. PHELPS. How much money does it ! I his friends to bid or to sell out to nrivate parties. there had been, there are no ci:cumstances con- 
The collector states that Captain _@rascr was of- nected with the case warranting its withdrawal 
involve? 
fered an advance of one hundred per cent. by sev- from the proper offcers of" the "Ih•easufry Depart- 
Mr. STANTON. 1 have no idea. 
Mr. HUTCHINS. About fifty thousand dol- I eral of the first firms then in San Francisco. The ment, who have shown a willingness to. adjusts-it 
lowest proposal received by tho collector, under upon fan: 
lars. 
