1861. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
565 
is a matter of very little importance; and I hope 
the bill vv'ill be passed by the committee. 
No objection being made, the bill was taken up 
for consideration; and after being read, was laid 
aside, to bc reported to the House with the recom• 
mendation that it do pass. 
JOYIN MOSHIER. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. lask the consent of the com- 
mittee to go back and take up House bill No. 359, 
for the relief of the legal representatives of John 
Moshier. 
Mr. THOMAS. Before I give my consent to 
that, I desire to say that now, one objection will 
prevent returnin(-r to that bill; and if it is to be 
considered that it will require the objection of' five 
members to prevent its consideration after it has 
been read, I shall object now. 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider, 
under the circumstan&es, that one ohiection will 
be sumcient to prevent the consideration of the 
bill, if it shali be taken up. 
Mr. KUNKEL. After the courtesy I have re- 
ceived from the gentleman from Illinois on another 
occasion, I shall object to this bill. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 hope the gentleman will 
withdraw his objection. My colleagues on the 
committee will give me the credit of being very 
cautious in regard to these matters. 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from 
Maryland insist on his objection ? 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 do. 
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL. 
SHERMAN. I desire to present a priv- 
ileged report in the House from the committee of 
conference on the legislative, executive, and ju- 
dicial appropriation bill, and move that the com- 
mittee rise for that purpose. 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and Mr. Bococx hav- 
ing taken the chair, as Speaker pro tenzpore, Mr. 
WASHBURNE,Of Illinois, reported that the Com- 
mittee of the Whole House had, according to 
order, had the Private Calendar under considera- 
tion, and had come to no resolution thereon. 
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am instructed by the com- 
mittee of conference on the legislative, executive, 
and judicial appropriation bill to report their ac- 
tion to the House. I will state, with the permis- 
Non of the House, that the committee recommend 
that the House vree to the sixth amendment of 
the Senate, simply raising the amount of their con- 
tingent fund from $2,000 to $2,500. The House I 
also aoree to thc Senate amendment in regard to 
the Mint, Wich an arnendlllent. As it now stands, 
we authorize the Secretary of the Treasury , when- 
ever he deems it expedient, to discontinue the 
refining at the mints, but allows the same charge 
as under the existing la•vv for refining, when it is 
done at the-Mint. With these two exceptions, 
the action of thc House upon the Senate amend- 
ments is confirmed by the committee. 
I move . 
the previous question on the adoption of the 
report. 
The previous question was seconded, and the 
main question ordered to be put. 
The report of the committee of conference was 
adopted. 
Mr. SHERMAN moved to. reconsider the vote 
by which the report was adopted ; and also moved 
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House adjourn. 
The motion was disagreed to. 
COMMITTEE OF THE WIIOTÆ. 
Mr. WINSLOW moved that the House resolve 
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on 
the Private Calendar. 
The motion was agreed to. 
The House accordingly resolved itself into a i 
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. WASH- 
BURNE, of Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the 
consideration of the Private Calendar. 
JOHN W. NYE—AGAIN. 
Mr. BURNETT. Before the reading of the 
Calendar is commenced, I desire to make a ques- 
tion of order upon House bill No. 628 in relation 
I think this bill had 
to the claim of J. W. Nye. 
been called regularly, and objected Co on a pre 
vious occasion, and that under the rule it requires 
the objection of five members to prevent its con- 
sidcration. 
that this is the first time the bill has been regu- 
larly called and objected to. He will therefore be 
compelled to ovcrrule the point of order made by 
the gentleman from Kentucky. 
• HARRIS AND HODGE. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I ask the unani- 
mous consent of the House for leave to take up 
and pass House bill No. 723, for the reliefof Har- 
ris & Hodge, of Missouri. 
Mr. McCLERNAND. I am always willing 
to accommodate the gentleman from Missouri; 
but there are other bills upon the Calendar in 
which gentlemen upon the floor feel a deep inter- 
est, and I think that we had better proceed with 
the call in order. 
I object. 
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 now call up House joint 
resolu tion No. 33, giving construction to the second 
section of the act of February 3, 1853, to continue 
half pay to widows and orphans. That resolu- 
tion, anda large number of Court of Chiims bills, 
which depend upon it, wore laid aside informally 
for the purpose of affording an opportunity to 
members to look into them. These cases might 
as well be disposed of now as at any other time. 
I hope, therefore, that we will take them up and 
pass or reject them. 
Mr. MéCLF,RNANQ. think there is some 
misunderstanding about this matter. 
It is rny 
recollection that the gel)tleman from New York 
[ Mr. HOARD] objected to the consideration of the 
resolution. 
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman from New 
York withdrew his objection, and agreed that it 
should be informally passed over for exanmunation . 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands 
the matter as stated by the gentleman from North 
Carolina. These bills from the Court of Claims 
were informally passed over, to bc called up by 
any member. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call them up, and ask that 
they be disposed of. 
The ioint. resolution was read. 
Mr. WINSLOW. This resolution is to put 
the widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers 
who.married after the year 1800 upon the same 
footinff as those who married before that year. 
I have looked into the decisions of the Court of 
Claims and the statutes, and I have no doubt the 
joint resolution is framed accordinm to the con- 
struction of the law. 
Mr. MILLSON. 1 understand the object of 
that resolution is to give these widows pensions 
from the tirne antecedent to the passage of the law. 
Mr. HOARD. Yes, sir. 
Mr. MILLSON. well the 
It 
curnstances attending the passage of the act. 
was passed under the previous question; and I 
then desired to have the opportunity of opposing 
I think that the decision of 
, it, and was denied. 
the Court of Claims is utterly wrong; and I object 
to the consideration of the resolution. 
A bill (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of J. W. 
Mr. THOMAS. object. 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hc;pe there will be no objec- 
tion to my bill. 
Mr. KUNKEL. 1 am indebted to the gentle- 
man from Illinois for so much courtesy -that I 
must object to his bili. 
P)URNETT moved that the committee 
The motion was agreed to. 
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having 
resumed thc chair, Mr. WASHBURNT„ of Illinois, 
reported that the Committee of the Whole House 
had, according to order, had the Privatc Cafendar 
A bill (H. R. No. 597) to increäSe- the pension 
of William W. Diehl; 
A bill (H. R. No. 598) granting a pension to 
Daniel Lucas; 
A bill (H R. No. 602) granting an invalid 
pension to Henry F. Bowers; 
A bill (H. R. No. 624) for the relief of Hull & 
Cozzens and John Naylor & Co.; 
A bill (H. R. No. 625) for, the relief of Alex- 
ander V. Fraser; 
A bill (H. R. No. 626) for the relief of Stephen 
F. Willis; 
A bill (S. No. 77) for the relief, of Richard 
Chenery; 
A bill (S. No. 39) for the relief of Simon D. 
Visser and .Tosö Villarubia, of New Orleans; and 
A bill (H. R. No. 311) for the relief of Mrs. 
Mary Ann Henry. 
The SPEAKER. Unless objected to, the vote 
will be taken upon all the bills at once. 
Mr. BURNHAM. 1 want a separate vote on 
the bill for-the relief of Hull& Cozzens and John 
Naylor & Co., as it, was the understariding• that-I 
should move an amendment to it. 
The SPEAKER. The vote will be taken on 
the other bills ell masse. Shall the•amendments 
reported from the Committee of the Whole H'ouse 
be concurred in? 
The amendments of the Committee, of •the 
Whole House were concurred in. 
The bills x.vere then severally ordered to be en- 
grossed—excepting the Senate bills—and read a 
third tinnc•, uud being engrossed, they were ac•• 
cording\y read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the• vote 
by which the bills were passed; and also moved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the. 
table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
HULL AND COZZENS. 
Mr. BURNHAM. 1 move to amend the bill 
(H R, No. 624) for the telicfof Hull & Cozzens 
and John Naylor & Co., by adding at the end of 
it a proviso that the appropriation shall not 
ceed $3,500. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en- 
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed, 
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
ALFRED C. MURPHY AND HIRAM BURLINGIIAM. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. ALDRICH. I hope the gentleman will not 
insist on that motion until I can get a bill passed. 
IVh•. BURNETT withdraw the motion for 
the present. 
Mr. ALDRICH. I move that the Committee 
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar 'be 
discharged from the further consideration Of 
House bill No. 749, for the relief of Alfred C. 
Murphy and Hiram Burlingham; and that it be 
put upon its passage. 
There was no objection; and the inotion was 
agreed to. 
The bill, which was read, authorizes Alfred C. 
Murphy to enter the north half of the northeast 
I quarter and the quarter of the north- 
westquarter of seccion thirty-six, township twen• 
I ty-nine, range twer]ty-four west, in the State of 
Minnesota; and Hiram Burlingham to cnter the 
northwest quarter of the northwest quarter and 
the south half of the nort.hwest quarter of section 
I thirty-six, township twenty-nine, range twenty- 
four west, in the same State, upon paynnent, by 
Alfred C. Murphy and Hiram Burlingham, of the 
usual minimum of $1 25 per acre; and it directs 
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to 
. generally under consideration, and had directed issue Patents on the said entries, provided that 
they shall in nowise interfere with or embrace 
him to report to the House the following private 
any land to which there is a valid subsisting claam 
bills, with the recommendation that they do pass, 
under the preémption laws of the United Scatcs. 
some with and some without amendment: 
It also aulhorizes the superintendent of public 
A bill (H. R. No. 586) for the reiief Of the legal schools in Minnesota to select an equal amount 
representatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased ; 
of other lands in said State for the use of public 
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the the chil- 
dren of -YViliiam Ilumphrey, a soldier of the Rev- schools in lieu of the lands herein granted. 
I move to amend by insert* 
olütion; 
ing in lieu of the proviso in the bill the followin•: 
m•anting a pension to 
A bill (H. R. No. 591) 
Provided 'I'lrat no bona fide clann or right of any 
Archibald Merriman; 
parties oc of the State of Minnesota to said lands or any 
A bill (H. R. No. 593) for the relief of Henry part thereof shall in any wise be prejudiced or affected by 
the tethns of this act until their assenl shall have been first 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands Abili (fi. R. No. 596) for the relief of James 
The amendment was agreed,to. 
Van Pelt:, 
