966 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
The bill, as åmended, Was ordered to be en- 
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed, 
It was accordingly read the third time, and passed, 
Mr. ALDRICH moved to reconsider the vote 
oy which the bill was passed; and also moved 
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ENROLLED BILLS. 
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled 
Bills, reported that they had examined and found 
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when 
the Speaker signed the same: 
An act (S. No. 274) for the relief of Townsend 
Harris, or his heirs or legal representatives; and 
An act (S. No. 125) for the relief of John 
Peebles. 
MRS. MARY ANN IIENRY. 
Mr. HOARD. 1 find that the bill for the 
lief of Mrs, Mary Ann Henry was not reported 
with the atnendment of •the Committee of the 
Whole House, and that it passed without that 
I asked the gentleman who had the 
amendment. 
bill in charge, what it granted, and he replied some 
thirty dollars a month. At my suggestion, it was 
reduced to twenty dollars a month. I ask that, 
by unanimous consent, the correction be made in 
the engrossed bill. 
It was so ordered. 
. JAMES SMITH. 
Mr. TOMPKINS. 1 ask 
sent of the House to diécharge the Committee of 
the Whole from the further consideration of Sen- 
ate bill No. 134, for the relief of James Smith, and 
that it now be put on its passage. 
No objection being made, the bill was taken up 
for consideration. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
place the name of James Smith, now of the city of 
Washington, latc a soldier in the war with Mex- 
ico and on the frontier of Texas on the invalid 
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars a n-rontll, 
to commence on the 4th of March, 1858, and to 
cont.inue during his lifetime. 
From the report, which was read, it appears that 
the petitioner was several years in the Army of 
the United States, serving throughout the Mexi- 
can campaign, and doing duty upon the frontieq•s 
of Texas, where he received the Injury, while out 
with a scouting party, which has resulted in a 
permanent disability. The duty upon which he. 
was engaged at the time of receiving the injury, 
is regarded as one. of a hazardous character; and 
though the mannerin which he received the wound 
does not appear m evidence, the petitioner ap- 
tenant, June 21, 1839; captain, April l, 1850; and 
died February 22, 1851. The petitioner applies 
for a pension on the ground that her husband died 
of injuries received while in the line of his duty, 
in the service of the United State"s. Charles 
McDougall, surgeon, of the United States Army, 
certifies that Captain Reeves was under his pro- 
fessional treatment from June, 1846, to June, 
1848, for disease of the left testicle, caused by an 
injury received while on drill at Fort Adams, 
Rhode Island, some time in 1845, which he be'- 
lieves was the cause of his death, in February, 
1851. C. H. Wheelingsly, surgeon, of the Uni- 
ted States Navy, who attended Captain Reeves, 
I have never 
at Pensacola, in 1846, states: 
doubted but that the injury which ultimately 
caused his (Captain Reeves's) death was received 
in the line of his duty." 
At the time of his death no report was made by 
a medical officer, as he did not die at a military 
post. Acting Surgeon General R. C. Wood, 
United States Army, states that the certificatb of 
Surgeon IM-cDouryall is, in his opinion, entitled to 
all the credit that would be given to a similar 
statement from the records of thc surgeon gene- 
eraPs office. Captain .T. Jones, United States 
It appears, from the report, that some time prior 
to the 20th of December, 1858, tho citizens of 
Huntsville, Brunswick, and vicinity, in the State 
of Missouri, petitioned Congress to establish a 
daily.mail or post route between said points; but 
that, by reason of the failure of the last Congress 
to pass the post office appropriation and post route 
bill, the route was not, and is not now, established 
by law. The wants and demands of the people 
for further mail facilities in that section of the 
State of Missouri, caused by the rapid increase 
of population, induced the petitioners to open up 
a route from Huntsville to Brunswick, a distance 
of about sixty miles, and commenced running a 
daily line of coaches between said points, with 
the understanding with the postmasters that they 
should have the mails, and look to Congress for 
compensation. In pursuance of this arranoement, 
the petitioners, therefore, an the 20th day of De- 
cembcr, 1858, at the instance of the postmasters, 
took charge of the mails, and carried them daily, 
each way, until the 20th of August, 1859, a period 
of eight months, for which they have received no 
compcnsation. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read 
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- 
Army, states that Captain Reeves was ordered to l! ingly read the third time, and passed. 
Pensacola, Florida, in anticipation, and prepara- 
tory to the war with Mexico; and that his health 
was so much impaired that he was unable to go 
with his company to Mexico, and was assigned 
duty at •West Point; that he was at the post with 
Captain Reeves when he received the injury; went 
with him to Pensacola; and was subsequently 
with him between three and five years during his 
illness, and never doubted t.hat his disease was 
caused by the injury he received while drilling his 
company at Fort Adams. 
The bill was•ordered to be read a third time; and 
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
Alr. H UGHES moved to reconsider the' vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the n)0tion to recorisider on the table. 
'1' lie latter motion was agreed to. 
LAURA C. HUMBER. 
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask the unanimous con- 
sent. of the House to discharge the Committee of 
t.he Whole House from the Farther consideration 
of Senate bill Nö. 227, for the relief of Laura C. 
Humber, widow of Charles H. Humber; and that 
the same may be considered at this time. 
LNo objection being made, the bill was brought 
before the House consideration. 
T I'le bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
I [)lace the l')ame of Laura C. I-lumber, widow of 
pearcd in person before the committee with an arni Charles Hu rnber, late captain in the seventh reo•- 
totally disabled, and stated that the injury was 
iment of the United States infantry, upon the pen- 
inflicted by a blow from a musket, struck by the 
Sion roil, and to pay her at the rate of twenty 
non-commissioned officer who was in command 
dollars per month, to continue for life or widow- 
of the scouting parly to which he swas attached. 
hood. 
The blow broke the arrn and dislocated t.hc elbow 
The report states the following facts: The hus- 
joint; and before the petitioner was able to return 
band of the petitioner entered the United States 
to camp and receive surgical treatment' a bony Army as a cadet in September, 1835; was second 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, moved to reconsider 
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also 
moved to lav the motion to reconsider on the table 
The lattel• motion was agreed to. 
ENROLLED BILLS. 
Mr. RIGGS, from the Committee on Enrolled 
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the follbw- 
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same: 
An act to extend the right of appeal from the _ 
decisions of the circuit courts to the Supreme 
Court of the United States; 
A bill for the relief of George H. Giddings; 
and 
A bill for the relief of William Cowan. 
RECESS. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from 
Kentucky to withdraw that motion; so that we 
may take a recess until seven o'clock. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 have no objection to a 
recess. 
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE.. 1 hope we shall 
not yet adjourn; '•,ve are doing a good business 
now. 
Mr. GROW. I hope, by unanimous consent, 
we will take a recess now until seven o'clock, 
when debate upon the special order shall pro- 
coed, with the understanding that the gentlernan 
from Maryland, [Mr. WEBSTER,] who x.vas en- 
titled to the floor to-day, shall have the floor on 
Monday. 
Mr. WINSLOW. lhope the House will pro- 
ceed with business for an hour longer nos.v. 
N'lr. GROW. Then I make this proposition, 
union of the joint had taken place, and left his arm 
lieutenant of seventh infantry, July I, 1840; first that when the House adjourns to-day, it shall be 
so crooked as to be totally disabled. He remained 
lieutenant, September, 1845; brevet captain, " fot 
to take a recess until seven o'clock this eveninm. 
in the hospital, after his return, until his wound 
gallant and Illeritorious couduct in Lhe battie of 
Mr. HUGHES. 1 object, and hope the House 
was healed, when he was discharged from the 
Cerro Gordo, 18th April, 1847;" severely wounded 
service, on the surcreon 's certificate' for ordinary at San Geronimo, 19th August, 1847; and died at 
disability. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and 
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed. 
Mr. TOMPKINS moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
The latter motion was agreed to. 
ANNIE D. REEvns. 
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the unanimous consent 
of the House to discharge the Committee of the 
Whole House from the further consideration of i 
Senate bill No. 225, for the relief of Annie D. 
Reeves, and that it be considered at this time. 
No objection being made, the bill was brought 
before the House for consideration. 
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to 
place the name of Annie D. Reeves, widow of J. 
S. K. Rcevcs, late captain in the first regiment I 
artillery, United States Army, at the rate of half- 
Fort Smith, Arkansas, January 2, 1858. 
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it 
was accordinglv read a third time, and passed. 
Mr. HIN DMAN moved to reconsider the vote 
by which the bill vv'as passed; and also moved to 
lay the motion to reconsider on the table. 
'I'he latter motion agreed to. 
IIARRIS AND IIODGB. 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 
I ask the unan- 
imous consent of the House to discharge the Corn- 
mittee of the Whole House from the further con- 
sideration of House bilk No. 723, for the relief of 
Harris & Flodff0, of Missouri, and that the same 
be considered at this time. 
No objection being made, the bill was brought 
before the House for consideration. 
The bill directs the Postmaster General to pay, 
out of any money in the 'Ereasury not otherwise 
pay proper, commencine on the 1st of January, appropriated, to Harris & Hodge, of Brunswick, 
will not consent to it. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move that the House do 
now adjourn. 
Mr. GROW. As objection is made, I ask the 
gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw his mo- 
tion, so that I may call up the special mder. 
Then we can take a recess under the order of the 
House. 
Mr. BURNETT. 1 am willing to accommo- 
date the gentleman. 
M.p. GROW. Now, I insist that the special 
order shall be taken up. That is, the regular order 
of business. 
Nr'lr. MORSE. I believe I was recognized by 
the Chair. 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is recognized; 
but the motion to adjourn is a privileged mo- 
tion. 
Mr. MORSE, Not while I am upon the floor. 
Mr. GROW. rise to a point of order. 
gentleman from Kentucky made a motion to ad- 
I then asked the House to take a reress. 
1860, and to continue during life. 
in the State of Missouri, the sum of $2,223, in full 
'Chat was objected to. 
'l'he gentleman from Kcn- 
From the report, the following facts appear: for their services in carrying the United States tuck y then renewcd his motion, but withdrew it 
That Captain J. S, K. Reeves, deceased, the hus- 
mail, from December 20, 1858, to August 20, 1859, that I might call up {hc speciai order, which 
band of the petitioner, was appointed second lieu- from Huntsville to Ihunswick, in the State of ii 
the regular order of business. Now, I insist. unan 
tenant of the first artillery, July l, 1838; first lieu- I Missouri, 
the special order being taken up. The crentkeman 
