970 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
majority, avow their purpose of not acquiescinc 
in the result; and with mad haste place themselves 
in open revolt against the Government, threaten-- 
ino its very existence. Arined rebellion rears its 
head, and turns its bristiing front o.eainst the 
Federal laws. Revolted States defy the Federal 
power, and join their hands •to smite the Federal 
Union. Sir, isit not strancre, indeed, that there 
can be found, not simply individual Instances of 
non-submission to law, which may always be 
looked for, but large. portions of the intelligent 
people of this country, extending indeed to whole 
States and sections, who are willing to overthrow 
the Government rather than yield to the will of 
majorities—a Government whose very founda- 
tion is the sovreignty of the people—created by 
their own voluntary associa90n; the result of 
their own free choicc; containin& no powers but 
such as the people freely delegated, and havilV no 
strength but such as their willing allegiance con- 
fers; which extends its protection over all alike, 
and showers its benefits and its blessinos upon 
every class? We have ever felt a just pride in thc 
harmonious working of our elective system; and 
often, after our most exciting contests, have we 
bid the _ strong Governments of the Old World 
not thus in conflict, and only such as are neces- 
saty to protect the liberty of the humblest citizen, I 
in 111 y judgment they ought never to be repealed, 
come what may. 
But, sir, admitting that such laws exist, that 
they are unconstitutional, and that they were in- 
tended to obstruct the operation of the fugitive 
•slave law, can their existence, to any extent, be 
regarded as justifying this rebellion? It will not 
be denied that revolution is the ultimate right of 
every people, when the oppression of their Gov- 
ernment shall become too intolerable to be borne; 
never to be resorted to, however, till every peace- 
able remedy has been exhaåsted. As, to this ex- 
tent, it is better to 
bear the ills we have 
Than fly to others that we know not of." 
What, then, has been the practical effect of these 
laws, and what practical injury has resulted from 
them to our southern brethren? The President 
tehs you, in lus annual message, that in every in- 
Nance during his Administration the fugitive slave 
law has been fully executed; and so we believe i 
has it always been when attempted. Never, then, 
has it been obstructed by these enactments, what- 
ever may be their character, whatever their de- 
behold how peaceably and quietly all the people I sign. No slaveowner has ever been deprived of i 
The first resolution, in my judgment, declares 
the true doctrine of the Constitution. The idea 
of property in man is carefully excluded from that 
It nowhere recoonizes the righffül- 
instrument. 
ness of slavery. It affords it no ouarantees. 
found slavery .existing in many of the States by 
It simply recog- 
their local customs and laws. 
nized its existence there, and let it alone; each 
State, of course, having the right to regulate it in 
its own way, but having no right to eitend those 
customs and laws beyond their own State lirnits 
and impose them upon others. And it is equally 
clear, that no authority whatever exists outside 
of said States to interfere with it in the least. 
And this obligation of non-interference should be 
strictly observed by the Fcdefal Government and 
by all the citizens. And although there is little 
or no evidence. of any attempt ever having been 
made in any free State to set on foot any lawless 
invasion of any slaveholding State, yet as there is 
apprehension felt on this subject, in consequence 
of the recent unlawful proceeÜings of John Brown 
and his associates in the State of Virginia, and as 
there is the hitThest evidence of lawless invasions 
having been set on foot in one of thc border States 
to violate the laws, and to trample upon the rights 
of the people of an adjacent Territory, I most cor- 
dially unite in requesting the States to enact such 
laws as shall effectually prevent any such wrong 
in the future. 
In every free Government it is necessary to its 
success that. there should be voluntary and strict 
acquiesced in the dectsion of the majority, as cx- 
pressed through the ballot-box. But our pride 
humbled. For the first time since the organi- 
zation of our Government„ the, will of the major- 
ity; constitutionally expressed, is resisted, and 
we awake at last, as from a dream, to find, it may 
be, that our experimeut is a failure. 
I will consider the main causes assigned in jus- 
tification of this rebellion, and the remedies pro- 
posed . 
Many are the grievances allerrcd by those who 
justify, and by those who will only apologize for 
it. Some of them are so indefinite, and others so 
frivolous, that I cannot stop now to notice then-r, 
but will consider only those which, in the esti- 
mation of tho committee of thirty-three, are of suf- 
ficient importance. to require spe.cific remedies. 
And, first, certain legislative enactments of the free 
States, commonly spoken of in these allegations 
it is undoubtedly 
as " personai liberty bills." 
truc, sir, that in many, perhaps most, of the free 
Slates, there are laws upon the statute-books of 
the class named; some of many years' standing, 
and enacted without reference to more recent 
events, for the prcvcntion of kidnapping. Others, 
of more recent date, to protect the libertics of such 
residents as were more especially exposed by the 
I have not 
operation of the fugitive slave law. 
examined all these laws. Some of them, of which 
complaint is made, know are not unconstitu- 
tional. If any of them are, they ought,- undoubt- 
edly, to be repealed or modified; as ought all laws 
in all States that are in conflict, either in letter or 
spirit, directly or indirectly, with the Constitution 
of the United States, or any law of Congress made 
in pursuance thereof. And this, not on the ground 
and for the reason that Congress has modified or 
will modify the more obnoxious provisions of an 
obnoxious law, on accountof which some of them 
may have been enacted, but simply bec.ause the 
legislation of a State should never bc in conflict 
with the Constitution and laws of Congress. 
And I have rio doubt, sir, that the Lcgislature 
of thosc States which may haye this class of laws 
upon their statute-books, will, for the purpose of 
satisfying their brethren of' the South of their dise 
position to deal justly with them, and for the pur- 
pose of being clearly in the right before they enter 
upon this great conflict which may be approach- 
incr, revise their legislation in this respect; and if 
they find it thus conflicting with the Constitution 
or laws, will modify or repeal it. And though I 
do not recognize it as strictly within the province 
of Congress to make requests of the Sta.te Legis- 
latures in regard to what shall be their legislation 
in a matter of this kind, and though I do not like 
his property by means of them. But again: 
they be unconstitutional, or if they conflict with 
any law of Congress passed in pursuance of the 
the Constitution, they are void; and would be de- 
clared so by all proper judicial tribunals, when i 
properly brought before them; inasmuch as the obedience to law. And the people of every State 
II should see to it that all laws made in pursuance 
Constit.ution and the laws made in pursuance 
thereof are the supreme law of the land. 
i of the Constitution be fully cxecuted, and should 
the existence of any such iaws is a 
If, then, 
punish with promptitude every attempt to pre- 
grievance. has this easy, peaceable, and constitu- 
vent it. And it should be remembered that it is 
tiona] remedy been resorted to ? And can a resort 
to the ultimate right of revolution be just.ified ? 
Can there even be an apology for il till' this has 
been done ? 
Again, sir: though there may be such laws upon 
the statute-book; Chougln they may be unconsti- 
tutional; though they may be in conflict with the 
said law of Congress; though they do impede and 
obstruct its operation ; still they do not practically 
injure the Gulf States who have instigated and led 
off in this rebellion. The border States are those 
who have most reason, and who only have reason 
to complain of them, if they are really what they 
are alleced to be. But they have not complained, 
and would not on this account have piunged into I 
this wicked rebellion; or at least until they had ex- i 
haust.ed all peaceable remedies; and will not now, 
unless whirled on by the tide that follows the mad 
precipitancy of South Carolina. Bat, sir, I repeat, 
whether a just cause or not, let the legislation be 
revised, and, if wrong, let it be made right. 
Next follow, in the committee's report, a series 
of declaratory resolutions, embracing many mat- I 
ters of complaint, and many matters of dispute 
between the two sections, to every one of which 
I give my hearty assent. They are as follow" I 
Resolved, 'I'hat we recognize slavery as now existing 
not for one section only to regard its constitu- 
t.ional obligations, while another may entirely dis- 
regard them. And if it be claime-d on one part, 
that the Constitution, and all laws made in pur- 
suance thereof, shall be strictly observed touching 
the rendition of their human chattels, how much 
more ought they freely to yield a strict observ- 
ance of their own constitutional obligations to af- 
ford the same protection to citizens of free States 
temporarily within their limits, as they afford 10 
citizens of their own State? Sir, I do not wish 
to enter upon a course of crimination; but it ought 
to be said, that while our southern brethren com- 
plain of us so persistently, because, as they say, 
we fail to observe in good faith our constitutional 
oblieations in this onc respect, they seem entirely 
to forget that wye have any cause of complaint 
against them. They know full well that any of 
their people can travel or sojourn with entire safety 
in our midst, no matter what may be their opin- 
ions, and that they will meet with no indignities 
anywhere. They know that our courts are freely 
opened to them for a redress of all grievances, 
and that they are as sure of justice therein as are 
our own citizens. 'They know that their most 
extreme men can enter with freedom our forums, 
and in entire,security command respectful atten- 
in fifteen of the United States by the usages and laws tion to their advocacy of the most extreme opin- 
. those States ; and we recotynize no authority, legally or otit- 
crwisc, outside of a State whcrc it so exists, to intcrfcre ! i Ions• And wc know, sir, that our peaceable and 
with slaves or slavery in such States, in disregard of the unoffending citizens, while traveling or sojourning 
in their midst, not interfering in the least with 
rights of their owners or the peace of society. 
Resolved. That we recoønize the justice aud propriety 
their peculiar institutions, and conducting in no 
of a faithful execution of the Constitution and laws made 
offensive manner, but simply for entertaininc 
in pursuance thereof, on the subject of fUgitive slaves. or 
fugitives from service or labor, arid discountenance all mobs opinions obnoxious to thorn, or being suspected 
zens earh State shall he entitled to all the privileges and II dignities and insults that vv'ould have dis2raced an 
of entertaining them, have been subjected to in- 
or hindrances to the exccution of such laws, and that citi- 
immunities of citizens in the sevcral States. 
of barbarism—ay, and in many instances 
" Resolved, T bat we recognize no such conflicting ele-l b 
mentsin its composition,orsufiicientcausefromany source, subjected to an i•nomznious death by cruel lynch 
for a dissolution of this Government; that we were not sent i 
law, and no steps have been taken to punish these 
here to destroy, but to sustain and harmonize the institu- 
outrages bytheconstituted authorities. Weknow, 
tions of the country, and to see that equal justice is done to 
I too, that to us there is no freedom of upeeeh among 
all parts of the sarne ; and finally, to perpetuate its existence 
them, and that we would be mobbed for speaking 
terms of equality and justice to ali the States. 
Resolved, That the faithful observance, on the part of I 
all the States, of all their constitutional obligations to each the sentiments Of Washington and Jefferson. And, 
other and to the Federal Government, is essential to the sir, it is even said tauntinÅiy of our President elect, 
W that he dare not go and advocate his principles in 
peace of the country. 
the State svhere rest the bones of his kindred. We 
" Resolved, That it is the duty of the Federal Govern- 
the phraseology of the first resolution, and would 'i ment to enforce the Federal protect the Fcderal PFOP- I know that, in some of the States, the freedom of 
erty, and preserve the Union of thesc States. 
prefer that it be left out altogelher, yet, as they i ; 
election is even denied to such of their o 'svn citi- 
Resoleed, That each State be requested to revise its 
arc respectful in terms, i shall cheerfully vote for 
statutes, and, if necessary, so to amend the same as to se- i zens as would sustain Republican principles, and 
them. So have I once voted during this session cure, without legislation hy Congress. to citizens of other that they are icrnommioas[y driven beyond their 
States traveling therein, the saine protection as citizens Of borders. N'Ve know that, in some of these States, 
on the resolution of the member from New Jer- 
such State enjoy ; and also to prÖtect the citizens of other 
SOY, [Mr. ADRAIN,] and so I am ready to vote I States or sojourning therein, against popular vio- 
i papers and magazines that proclaim thegreat doc- 
again. duct. me not, however, be misunderstood. 
trines of our fathers are not permitted to be dis- 
lenoe or il!ecal smnrnary punishment, without trial in due 
I recol'hft'lend that ail laws which are in conflict 
tributed from our Government post offices. Sir, for 
förni (if law, for imputed crimes. 
Resolved. rrnat each State be also respectfully requested 
the Constitution , or any law of Congress, be 
years and years we have suffered these wrongs,and 
to enact such Jaws as will prevent and punish any attempt 
modified. But I, at the same time 
repealed or 
many others of like character; but we have not, 
xvhatever in such State to recognize or set on foot the law- 
declare that if', upon examination ' they be found less invasion of any other State or ryerritory, 
on that account, thought best to destroy tilt) Gov- 
