972 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
have been struggling to restore the early policy of code, and is a slaveholding Territory. Whether, 
the Government, prohibiting the introduction• of if she were tq adopt' a constitution preparatory to 
slavery into the Territories; and, after many de- 
admission into the Union durinrr the present year, 
feats, they have at last triumphed at the polls. she would make it free or slave, there to be 
And now, in the very hour of th•eir victory, it is 
demanded that their colors shall be hauled down, 
their flag surrendered; and they are not only re- 
quired to give up their policy of prohibition, but 
to grant a constitutional recognition and protec- 
tion to slavery in all our present El'erritories, and 
in all we may acquire hereafter. The terms of 
peace are, an unconditiönal surrender; that we 
shall pass directly from the position we have so 
long occupied on to the platform of the secession- 
ists.: -We may not even halt at the quarters of the 
popular sovereigns, they being expected to join us 
as we pass in the grand procession. And what is 
to be conceded to us for this great humiliation? 
A prohibition of slavery where it is already shut 
out forever. And this is called compromise ! 
The ad vocates ofpopular sovereign fy trium phed 
over the secessionists at Charleston in April, and I 
at Baltimore in June, and both they and we by a 
more decisive victory at the polls in November. 
And now we are all required to surrender at dis- 
cretion in Washington. 
If the secessionists had 
succeeded at Charleston their poficy would have 
been triumphant in the Democratic party. If they 
had succeeded in November at the polls, their pol- 
icy would still have been triumphant with the 
people; but failing in both, they yet triumph all 
the same by the surrender of both opposing forces. 
If this can be. so, elections amount to little. They 
determine no policy of Government, they only 
change offcials. The one million eight hundred 
thousand: voters for Lincoln , the one million three 
hundred thousand voters for Douglas , to say noth- 
ing of the six hundred thousand voters for Bell, 
all are demanded to lay down their arms to the 
eight hundred and fifty thousand voters for Breck- 
inridge. 
This Crittenden proposition also contains 
amendments to the Constitution prohibiting Con- 
gress•from abolishing slavery in the District of 
Columbia, and the places under its exclusi vejuris- 
diction within the slave States, and prohibiting 
also all interference with transportation of slaves 
from one slave, State to another. On this subject 
the committee well say, that as there are no prop- 
ositions from any quarter to interfere in any of 
these respects, they do not deem it necessary to 
take any action on the subject. 
Sir, can consent to no amendment of the Con- 
stitution affording new and addit.ional guarantees 
to slavery. I would observe faithfully ail our ob- 
ligations under the Constitution as it IS, and carry 
out all its guarantees to the full extent; but no 
more. Let this old Constitution remain as our 
(athers made it. 
It is suffcient. 
It. has brought 
us from infancy to our present mature strength. 
Under it we have prospered as no nation ever 
prospered before. Under it we have lived in unity 
and peace. We can continue to live on, and to 
doubt. But is New Mexico in proper condition 
to be admitted into the Union as an independent 
State ? 
It seems to me not. The information we 
have as to her population is quite limited and nn- 
satisfactory. Exclusive of roving Indians, I sup- 
pose her population falls much short. of the num- 
ber requisite to entitle her to admission; and that 
is made up of a few thousand Americans, a few 
thousand Mexicans, and the balance of mixed 
bloods and peons. The standard of general intel- 
ligence and education is extremely low, and the 
people ofa character to be easily influenced by de- 
signing men, Sho would scarcely be able to sup- 
port a State to conduct its affairs. 
Is it expedient to admit such elements into our 
Confederacy of independent States? She does not 
ask to be admitted; and would undoubtedly be 
better in a territorial condition, where she will be I 
striction, the question as to all the Territories 
north of New Mexico being practically settl&.l, 
and that being only in dispute, ',ve may well leave 
it where the compromise measures of 1850 loft it. 
I have thus briefly dwelt ('n all the propositions 
reported by the committee of which I care to speak, 
as well as those by the distinguished 
Senator from Kentucky. 
There are various other propositions , 
somewhat different in form, but substantially the 
I cannot perceive any real necessity for 
same. 
them, nor any occasion for this great excitement 
on the part of our southern breth ten. These nu- 
merous schemes of compromise only increase the 
diffculty and complicate the entanglement. Our 
Government will go on smoothly enough, if we 
will onlyeperrnit it, and if we will stand by it as 
patriots ought to do. The will of the people has 
just been expressed through the ballot-box, and 
all good will acquiesce in their decision. It 
IS not the time. now to compromise; 
it would 
weaken arid demoralize the Government. The 
incoming Administration should enter upon its 
duties without being subjected to any other con- 
ditions or terms than 'Vhat the Constitution im- 
poses upon all. 
It' a portion of the people, in 
armed rebellion, can impose any other tfq•ms, 
your Government isa delusion, and your elective 
franchise a sham. In maiutaining the supremacy 
of majorities within constitutional limits, 
equally interested. It is for no political party; 
but for the security of all. To-day thc majority 
entitled to the support and fostering care of the 
General Government. And is it not best for us 
that she should thus remain for a time longer? If 
New Mexico remains in territorial condition, 
she will remain a part of our dominion. 
If we 
admit her as an independent Statc, according to 
modern theories she may assert het own sover- 
eignty and join a southern confederacy, or rean- 
nex herself to Mexico; for it seems to be conceded 
that the Federal Government may control, even ! 
coerce, a Territory; but if we dignify one into the 
position of a State, it may then go where it pleases 
and when it pleases. To-day, asa Territory, we 
may control her; to-morrow, as a State, we may 
lose her. 
I suppose. that if the proposition to ad- 
mit New Mexico had been made at the last ses- 
Sion of Congress, not one voice would have been 
given in its favor. Why, then, now? Simply be- 
cause we do not know how, or cannot agree how, 
to manage her out. 
I am not willing to crowd 
her into the Union in this way; and for such rea- 
sons I am not willing to use these Territories as 
mere shuttlecocks, to be thrown about as instru- 
ments of compromise. Let us not confess our 
weakness by hurrying Territories in as States be- 
fore they are fit to come in, simply because we 
cannot agree how to dispose of them while out. 
But, sir, notwithstanding ail these objections, this 
proposition is to mc the least objectionable of all. 
I confess the inducement wouldVbc very strong to 
admit New Mexico as a State if it would be ac- 
cepted as a settlement of this territorial question. 
But as this proposition is rejected by all whom it 
is necessary to conciliate, it might perhaps as well 
be laid aside. After au, what does all this clamor 
about inequality in the Territories mean? Have 
you not equal rights in them now? If not, where 
IS the inequality? Do you wish to go into Ne- 
braska with your slaves? Do you wish to go into 
Washington Territory, into Utah, into Colorado, 
or Pike's Peak? Go on then, by all means. W I'lat 
prosper in the future as we have in the past, if we i hinders? You do not claim that thc Constitution 
.will but be faithful to our duties and dcvotcd to II hinders you. You do not need it to be amended, 
our Government. No, sir; Ict us not in this hour then, for that. There is no law of Congress pre- 
of excitement attempt to tamper with it. 
In this 
, venting you , and no one proposes any such. The 
at least, let us have something of permanency— 
Supreme Court says you may go. What more, 
something of security. Though our political plat- 
then, do you want? But you will confess that you 
forms may change as often as may suit the pur- 
do not desire, that you do not expect to go there. 
poses of aspiring dcmaøo•ues; though your con- i} Then you will not quarrel about anv of them. 
gressional legislation be vacillating. contradictory, Do you wish, then, to go into New Mexico? 
and absurd, as the supposed necessities of com- say, again, go on. YVhat hinders? There is no 
promise may require, let the Constitution remain. l' law of Congress to prevent you from going there; 
Let its grand proportions rise above the troubled and if there ever should be, which is not proba- 
waters, unmoved and unharmed by the angry ble, you know the court would declare it void, I 
waves that dash against it. Sir, if this people be ' and you have there a slave code to protect your 
not struck with judicial blindness, they will now, i •slave property. This Territory has been open 
in this day of peril, cling to this Constitution as I to you without any obstruction for eleven years, 
the wrecked mariner clings to the last plank when and you have ('0t one dozen slaves there, these 
night and the tempest gather around him. 
being mostly servants of Government officers. 
I return to the report of the committee. Asa ask once Inore, what are your quarrelings about? i 
solution of this territorial question, they propose Is it about your rights in Territories we do not 
to admit New Mexico as a State into the Union, yet own, and may never own? And are you about 
as soon as she shyll form a constitution prepara- 
to destroy this Government for such a cause? Sir, I 
tory thereto; thus, as they say, removing all cause 
wc need no compromise. We have nothing really 
of diffcultyas to the disposition of the. Territories; ii to settle. If wo will bo but reasonable and practi- 
as this includes all territory south of 360 30', and cal, we can comp to peace at once. 
all in regard to which there is any doubt as to 
But what shall be done with the Territories as 
slavery, it being well understood that as to all to this question of slaverv? Ia_nswer: leave them 
north of this, the question is practically settled; where the legislation of i850 left them. Kansas 
no one having any doubts or anxiety in regard being now admitted a free State into the Union, 
and free institutions having regained thereby all 
New Mexico has nowa few slaves anda slave that they lost by the repeal of the Missouri re 
is with us; four years hence it may be against us. 
YVith whomsoever it is, it must be sustained, or 
anarchy prevails. Let those, then, M'ho love our 
Government and our Union, and would preserve 
them both, stand by and support them without 
condition or qualification. 
Mr. Speaker, I would not shat my eyes to the 
dangers that surround us. We are in the midst 
of great peril. Our system of Government is in 
severe trial. 
It is passing a decisive crisis; only 
a firm hand and steady nerve can carry it through 
in safety. No compromising policy can save it. 
Its moral power must be maintained. The will 
of the people nuust be obeyed. 
Can it be, sir, t 
between the two sections of this Confederacy, be- 
cause of our differences as to the rights of sltwery 
in thc Territories? One seeking to extend it into 
free territory, and demanding congressional pro- 
tection thereto, and the other resisting this de- 
mand, how would the parties stand before the 
world in such a contest? Let the great statesman 
Senate in 1850, on the compromise resolutions 
introduced by him, he said: 
But if, unhappily, we shoa%d be involved in war, in 
civil war, between the two parts of this Confederacy. in 
introduction ot• slavery into the new rrerrit.ories, and upon 
the other side to fin-ce its introduction there, what a spec- 
tacle should we present to the astonishinellt of mankind, in 
an effort, not to propagate rights, but—I must say it, though 
I trust it will be understood to be said •xvith no design to 
excite feeling—a war to propagate wrongs in lhe Territo- 
ries thus acquired f'rcjm Mexico? It would be a war in which 
we should have no syanpathies. no good wishes; in which 
ail Inankind would bc against us; in which ow_n 
tot}' , itself, svould be against us; for, t?orn the cornxnence- 
ment of the Revolution down to the present tizno. we have 
constantly reproached our British ancestors tbr the intro- 
duction ot' slavery into this country. 
N'lr. Speaker, what a spectacle do we present to 
the world! How humiliating and discouracrinm 
our presentcondition! Everywhere else the march 
is onward; and while the whole firmament is illu- 
mined with the gathering rays ofa h igher and an 
civilization sprinøincr up from all ua- 
tions, here, where they should center in their 
intensest brilliancy, the light fades, the clouds 
gather. A y, at the commencement of this very 
year, through the benign decree of the Russian 
Emperor, millions of his people cast off their cen- 
tury-worn garments of servitude, and clothed 
themselves in the habiliments of freemen. And, 
too, the haughty Government of Austria, in its 
age and decrepitude, yields something of its pre- 
rocratives to the spirit of thc age; whi'e in Italy, 
that land of glorious memories, the people, emcrcr- 
ing from their long night ot• despotism, roll from 
their bowed shoulders the burden of centuries, and 
assume their true position among the peoples of 
the earth. While in other lands wise rylen, states- 
men, and heroes, are lendirjg theirenergies, devot- 
- ing their lives, and freely baring their bosoms to 
