974 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
the future may have in store for us, the Govern- 
ment of the United States" will still exist. 
If, in 
the-madness of the hour, stars shoot wildly from 
the political firmanent, then , in the language of the 
poet, 
we will press 
The golden eluster of our brave old flag 
In closer union; and, if nutnbering less, 
Brighter shall shine the stars which still remain." 
The power of a nation depends not on the ex- 
tent of Its possessions. Breadth of territory may 
oe, and often is, only an element of weakness. 
I realize that, even after the secession of cotton 
States, there remains a territory abounding in 
every element of strength, and a people homo- 
geneous in character and feelinff. With that peo- 
local law, and denied the power of the Federal 
ple the lot of my constituents is cast. To'that Government to repeal or modify such laws; they 
Government, founded on law, liberty, and right, 
the citizens of Michigan cling with unswerving 
loyalty; to its authority they always have been 
obedient; to its Constitu tion they ha ve al ways been 
faithful; and they bring to that Government, in 
the future, as they have in the past, not a condi- 
tional fealty, contmgenton concessions and com- 
promises; nota conditional loyalty, dependent on 
constitutional changes; but they tender it the sup- 
portof hearts fervid with disinterested patriotism 
and of hands hardened by honorable toil. They 
cling to thc altar of a common Union with patri- 
otic devotion and unswerving faith. The temple 
of the Constitution, built by master workmen, is 
their glorious inheritance; and they count that 
man an enemy who, from within or without, at- 
tempts to weaken its foundations or disturb its 
Mr. BEALE. Mr. Speaker, the great question 
which has for the last twelve years agitated the 
country is that of human freedom and slavery. 
Increasing year by year, and election after election , 
in magnitude and importance , it has at last assumed 
dimensions which cast their shadow far and darkly 
overeveryother public issue. And, sir, in the same 
ratio with its increase has progressed the intelli- 
gcnt understanding, by the people of at least one 
section of the country, relative to it. This ques- 
tion so great, I shall not undertake to discuss on 
this occasion. Not only have such discüssions 
here, in the Senate, through the press, and before, 
the people, been too full to render such a course 
necessary; but, sir, now is no time for essays upon 
any question, no time fbr theories or for policies. 
"Che lögic of circumstances is hurryinm us irresist- 
ibiy along to far different conclusions. The pro- 
jects of the hour demand at our hands immediate 
and far different consideration. The time for de- 
liberation gives place, in every earnest and 
patriot soul, to a desire, a resolve to act. 
1 shall 
endeavor, sir, briefly and earnestly to express my 
opinion as to the causes which have produced the 
existing state of things, to consider our condition, 
and the duty of every representative man in the 
premises, 
have said that this question has been before the 
country for thirteen years. Every grand princi- 
ple involved was fully discussed thus long since, 
proclaimed the nationality of freedom, and the 
sectionalism of slavery; reaffirmed thc policy of 
the ordinance of 1787; denied the power in the 
Federal Government to " deprive any person of 
life, liberty, or property, without due legal pro- 
cess;" dcnicd the power of Congress to make a 
slave, or establish slavery; asserted the power of 
Congress to exclude slavery from free territory; 
demanded freedom for our brethren in New Mex 
ico,as well asin Oregon and California; demanded 
economy in all public expenditures, and the sub- 
slitution of ' 'election by the people of all civil off- 
cers as faras practicable ' 'in lieu of appointments, 
and to correct the abuses of executive patronao•e; 
recommended free grants of public lands to actual 
settlers; and, in order to pay the national debt, 
its interest, and the current expenses of the Gov- 
ernment, they recommended a " tariff of duties.' 
These recommendations, denials, assertions, and 
demands, constituted the platform of principle 
upon which the friends of liberty waged the polit- 
ical contest of 1848. In what, sir, does it differ 
from the platform of the Republican party in 1860 ? 
Certainly in no essential. And one is impressed 
not only with the patriotism of those men who 
framed it, but with their sagacity, and almost 
prop I'letic forecast. 
To the great iiiind which conceived, the fervid 
heart which impelled, the true courage which pro- 
claimed, and the iron will which has maintained 
the assertion of' these principles, prophetic vision 
is vouchsafed, and the future opens to him with all 
itsincidents,as the broad path from cause to effect. 
Honored among men will this patriot be, and the 
more honored that, standing firm amid defection 
of friends, and mutation of events, he still keeps 
the "whiteness of his soul." Would that all who 
stood with him then, were with him to-day; that 
the uncornpromisincr earnestness of that hour per- 
vaded this; and that freedom should not have 
had occasion to mourn the departure of his com- 
panions and her votaries from the altar and the 
temple. 
retie principles of freedom, thus asserted twelve 
years ago, the great central idea of that struggle demand them; and therefore it is that to-dav we 
—resistance to the aggressions of slavery—having are asked to compromise; and if northern Rep- 
fallen upon the popålau• heart of the free States, resentatives dare to refuse, the Republic is con- 
produced an impression which could not be effaced. l! vulscd, States secede, the Union is to be dissolved, 
Those soldiers of freedom, twelve years ago last 
—that same New Mexico for which they had 
demanded freedom" and the " establishment of 
November, polled one hundred and twenty thou- 
sand votes in the State of New York, and about free institutions." But, sir, under the pledge of 
three hundred thousand in the Union; and thus I peace, quiet, and finality to agitation, and, more 
gave an earnest of their .sincerity, and proof of than all, through their love for the Union of the 
their vigor. 
i States, they yielded a tacit assent; their Repre- 
The Free-soil organization and canvass of 1848 t' sentatives signed a solemn league and covenabt 
was the germ and inception of the Republican never to reopen the agitation of the slavery ques- 
party. Wherever its apostles proclaimed the 
tion in Congress , or to support any one who should 
evangel of liberty through that canvass, the good 
do so; and having thås discharged what they con- 
seed was sown broadcast. Everywhere throughout 
ceived to be their duty, they returned back to pri- 
the North, they then, as the Republican party 
vate life; and , by permission of their constituents, 
now does, proclaimed unwavering hostility to the 
will remain there forever. So much for the com- 
extension of human servitude, non-interference 
promisers of 1850. 
with it in the States where it exists by virtue of 
In 1852, the Whig and Democratic national 
conventions passed resolutions indorsing these 
compromises, and pledeing themselves acrainst a 
reopening of the slavery agitation or discussion. 
Each nominated a presidential candidate, and en- 
tered into the canvass; but the Whig party, par- 
alyzed by the compromises of 1850, died of their 
indorsementin 1852. rehe majestic mourner, hav- 
ing poured from her party u•rn the tears of mil- 
lions, passed through the• sepulchral gates, and 
stretched herself by the side of Webster, both self- 
' . - slain by a compromise. 
The result of the election of 1852, and the fate 
of Representatives who surrendered the free sen- 
timent of the country to the slave power, proved, 
conclusively, how deep was the resolve of the 
people of the North to resist further aggression 
of slavery. 
While acquiescing reluctantly in those compro- 
mises, and permitting one after another of fugi- 
tives to be arrested , and remanded to slavery, they, 
through their immediate Representatives, claimed 
and exercised the right to pass such State laws as 
should protect every freeman frorn unlawful seiz- 
ure, and secure to him his " inalienable right" of 
personal. liberty. Such laws were passed with due 
reference to the Federal Constitution, and in the 
full exercise of their respective State sovereignty; 
Massachusetts, in all this, doing only what Vir- 
ginia had done, and for the same reason. 
While thus legislating to protect freemen from 
slavery, several of the southern States of the Con- 
federacy had legislated to reduce free colored men 
to servitude; and still more of them flagrantly dis- 
regarded the constitutional right 
" that citizens 
of each State shati be entitled to all the privileges 
and immunities of citizens in the several States. 
Mr. Speaker, the compromise of 1850 is one of 
the causes of the present concfition of things. The 
antagonistic systems of freedom and slavery hav- 
ing come in contact, and the former having yielded 
its principles and rights, having, as in 1820, al- 
lowed that to be a compromise which took all 
i fron'l the one party and gave to the other, southern 
xnen naturally supposed thatsuch surrenders, such 
compromises, were the fair, legitimate, order of 
things. 'lthey learned to expect, they resolved to 
and.even it assumed its true political propor- 
It came home to the minds, and filled the every- and war to be waged. 
tions. The acquisition of territory from Mexico I day thoughts, of the masses of the northern peo- 
But, sir, let us examine another cause for the 
had been consummated for the avowed purpose 
In the workshop, and amid the marts of present state of things. Notwithstanding the. le- 
of extending the area of slavery. A proviso was 
traffic, and especially among the yeomanry of I gislation and pledges of 1850, and their 
introduced into Congress appkying to such ter- 
indorse- 
the North, the tillers of free soil 
and the par- ment by the national conventions of the two great 
ritory the ordinance of MI'. JeffGson. It was 
ticipants and vindicators of the dignity of " free parties of the country in 1852, and the pledge of an 
supported with ability by honorable gentlemen— 
the burning thoughts of the advocates of Executive in his inaugural address, such pledges 
Senators and Representatives—some of whom freedom found welcome access. Nor could those 
svere broken by the Administration and by the 
have remained steadfast in these patriotic opin- 
thoughts be repressed by the so-called compro- South in 1854. The slavery subject was again 
ions; some of whom have 
" fallen asleep;" and i mises of 1850. Thinking for themselves, the peo- 
agitated in Congress and out of it;" old com- 
some of whom, " though livincr, are yet dead." 
plc solved thc problem within their own minds, 
From Congress and from conventions the great and resolved no longer to be accessory to any at- freedom and slavery were removed; and the whole 
subject was appealed to the people, and before 
tempts to extend the institution of human slavery question was reopened. 
that august and honest tribunal the case was ar- 
beyond its then lin-lits. I say, they resolved upon Northern men, subservient to southern inter- 
gued through an exciting and enthusiastic can- 
this in spite of cornpromises. Sir, the people of ests, proposed the measure. Southern men, in an 
vass. The friends of freedom rnade the issue a the North never heartily approved the compro- 
practical one. Selecting from among their num- misesof 1850. They realized and understood the consummation. The Missouri compromise was 
philosophy embodied in the expression ofthe Inen 
fidcnce, they gave into their hands the banner-staff of 1848: There must be no more compromises 
repealed, and the entire Territories thrown open 
and baton, and, as their chosen leaders unfurled with slavery; if made, they must be repealed. 
to the incursions of the slave interest. This 
that flag, upon its stripeless folds and circled with There was a reluctant acquiescence on their part I i resentatives in Congress and a Democratic Exec- 
wit}? those acts. They felt that they were intended W utive. For what purpose, Mr. Speaker? In order 
soil, frec speech, free labor, and freemen." Among to, and did, humiliate them. They justly regarded 
their other professions ofprinciple, they solemnly the provision for rendition of fugitives from main of Kansas, and might overrun all our other 
pledged themselves to the country and. thc world service as dishonoring to themselves, violative of territorial possessions. 
there must be no rnore compromises with 
constitutional rights, and as periling the liberty MT hat, Sit, 
slavery; if madc, they rnust be repealed;" 
has oeen the result? After nn em- 
that of the freelnan. rrhey foresaw that, under its or ' 
they would ficht on and fio•ht ever, until a tri- 
- bittered con test, after the sacrifice 
ganic provisions, New Mexico •wrould become a I treasures, the blood and tears of northern and 
umphant victory should reward their exertions. 
" It slave Territory, and might become a slave State 
women; after the realization of more than the 
