1861, 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
96 
quering sword of- Hyder Ali inflicted upon the warmest friends, demoralize his party, distract his 
Carnatic, " scenes of woe, the like of which no eye country, and bring it to the very verge of destruc- 
tion; and all this upon the slavery question. 
hath seen, no Yleartconceived , and which no tongue 
can adequately describe;" 
scenes which found 
Sit', the c.onvention which nominated the pres- 
the flaming tongue of au American Burke to de- 
ent President reiterated. the pledge " never to re- 
nounce in an American Senate as a crime; after open the discussion of the slavery question in 
patience, sufferings, and heroic fortitude, which Coneress or out of it," Mr. Buchanan indorsed 
will consecrate t.hc name of Kansas in history, it. Y ct both President and party, in open viola- 
even as New England, even as Holland, are con- lion of such pledges, attempted to force slavery 
secrated by the sacrifices and struggle of her sons ! upon an unwilling people. In Congress, by exec- 
for religious and' for civil liberty; after all these, 
utive recommendations, discussion of the sla- 
Kansas has come up, and with garments washed 
very question 'vvas reopened by the Democracy, 
from the blood and mire of oppression and sla- 
and it has continued until to-day. 
very, to-day ranks among the free States of the 
Aside from the course pursued by the Admin- 
Confederacy, and sits here, by her Representative, 
istration upon the question of slavery, the Presi- 
in the councils of the nation. 'The thanksgiv- 
dent has surrounded himself with advisers, a ma- 
ings which will go up fron'l millions of prayerful 
jorily of whom, from the beginning, have been 
hearts for such a consununation, will be blended 
conspiring tobringaboutthepresentstate of things. 
with petitions that such Representative may bc 
In the mean time, at evcryannual election through- 
unfalteringly faithful to t.he hallowed traditions 
out the North, the great questions involved in the 
which wreathe her pilgrim altars and martyrs. 
issue between slavery and freedom have•been freely 
YVhat other result has followed the " Kansas- 
discussed, in every instance without an allusion 
Nebraska inquity?" 
Sir, a result still more dis- i to compromise, except to repudiate it. The mem- 
tasteful to the South—the organization of the Re- 
bers of the present Congress from Jhe North were 
publican party; or rather, I should say, the reor- 
mostiy elected in ]858, when these questions were 
ganization of the old Republican party 
fully and actively before the country; they -were 
and Nladison, founded upon the same principles: 
elected upon the platform of the Republican party 
the assertion and of human rights, 
laid down at Philadelphia in 1856, and were pledged 
and opposition to the further spread of wrong and 
to carry oat the principles therein contained. 
oppression—orcranized with no desire or intent to 
I They were not elected to make any compromise 
infringe upon the Constitution, or to interfere with 
of those principles, and had such been anticipated, 
any of the institutions or reserved rights of the 
not one of them would have been elected. 
States, but with the real and boldly avouched in- 
At the commencement of the last session of 
tent to repress, in every constitutional way, and 
Congress, the Democratic in this 
by every constitutionai means, the extension of House reopened the agitation of the slo.very ques- 
human slavery over another inch of free. territory; tion, in spite of their pledges made three years 
before to the contrary. r l"hey continued such 
reasserting the sublime truths of the Declaration 
acritation for two months, and upon the compar- 
of Independence, and repledging fealty to them; i i s 
asserting the power and duty of Congress to pro- atively unimportant question of the election of 
hibit the extension of slavery; denying the power Speaker. In the unean time, Republicans sat silent 
of Congress to establish, extend, or protect slavery in their places, or raised their voices but to cast 
their votes, and transact the only legitimate busi- 
in any of the Territories; solemnly pledging each 
ness before this body. 
member thereof to restore the action of the Fed- 
Sir, not only did the Democratic Representa- 
eral Government to the principles of iVashington 
and Jefferson;' > and declaring " that the Federal tives agitate this question, not only the ext.reme 
Constitution, the rightsoftheStates,and the Union eeritlemen from the extreme South, but also the 
Representatives from those States which to-day 
of the States, shall be preserved." 
Sir, this party sprang from the exigencies of demand compromise and concessionæ and surren- 
the time, and from causes existing to-day; and der of our principles. The southern Opposition, 
vvyas inspired with the same patriotic purposes i with several distinguished exceptions, secmed to 
II t I vie vxitll their colleagues of more extreme opin- 
which actuated thc fathers of the Republic. 
gathered within its orcanization from all other I ions in denunciation of Black Republicanism. 
r I*hesc speeches, circulated all over the South , and 
partics t.hosc minds which had been educated upon 
the question of freedom and of human rights. even into so-called conservative districts, havo 
Free-soil followers of Wright, of {i done much to misrepresent the opinions and dc- 
Van Buren, and Chase; Whies—the followers of i! signs of the Republican party, and pervert south- 
Mr. Clay and of I'vlr. Seward; the rnass of the ern sentiment, arid arc the imrnediate and 
Ainetican party in t.he free States; all Inon at the powerful causes for the present unhappy condi- 
I)uring that exciting debate the 
tion of things. 
North except the Democratic allies of the slave 
power and the ultra Abolitionists. The inen corn- Opposition Representatives from • the South re- 
posing this party had differed theretofore widely ('used to comprornise with Republican members 
they refused to 
upon the questiori of Speaker; 
upon matters of public policy. They uqrreed upon 
the, great question of opposition t(_) the extension vote for a candidate for Speaker, although he 
was well known to them to be a Tent.ieman of 
and agæressions of slavery. This was the cardinal 
princiFEe of the new party, and all vowed unqual- moderate, not to say conservative, views, upon 
ified al\e2iance to it, and resolved to press onward the slavery question; and whet'] a still more con- 
to the achievement of its triumphs. This feafty , servative and equally worthy gentleman had been 
and resolve contemplated no new compromises to substituted, with but a single Öxccption, they still 
withheld their support, and persisted in acritating 
aid in• the accomplishment of the object desired. 
the count}y, and preventing the orcanization of 
On the contrary , all concessions and compromises 
amid the monumental streets, and to the impülg• 
ive but patriotic cit.izens of his lintive city •boldly 
denounced the misre•presentationS which had béén 
heaped upon the Republican •party, zihd 
cated the supremacy of the laws, the inviolability 
of the Constitution , and the duty of.good citizens 
to submit themselves to whoever shouldbe élected 
Chief Magistrate of the whole Union, ih accord- 
ance with both; when they shall have done all 
this, and failed to secure cheerful obedience to the 
constitutional and legal authority, then, Sir, win 
I admit that they may claim at my handsoonSid- 
eration for terms of compromise and conciliation 
But, Mr. Speaker, not only was the slavery 
question agitated in the last Congress, but- the 
same question went into the Democratic nationa. 
convention. Sir, it was the power in those con- 
It dissevered the party and disrupted 
ventions. 
all ties which had bound it together. The Demo- 
cratic party was broken up by its southern mem- 
bers by design. They proposed terms which they 
knew could not be accepted by nortliern meri and 
live. Sir, the leaders of the southern Democracy 
are sagacious men. They know well the senti- 
Inent of the North, educated as it has been on 
questions. There are no more sagaciou.g 
men, unless it may be the leaders of the northern, 
and particålarly of the New York, Democraéy. 
These, too, know full well thc strength of north- 
ern sentiment on the question of opposition to 
slavery extension and aggression. They have 
been Inade to feel the edge, as well as wat.ch the 
gleam, of the steel. The result was as desired by 
the South—secession from convention, separate 
nominations, distracted canvass, and an iffno- 
minious defeat. 
Sir, long ere the convention met in Charleston, 
secession had become a foregone conclusion with 
the extreme South; they labored to accomplish it 
by first disrupting the national convention; and 
at that result felt, and some expressed, the same 
joy which Samuel Adams expressed to Hancock 
when he beard the firstgun at Lexington, " This 
'i'henceforward to them the 
is a glorious day." 
canvass was an affair of secondary importance; 
their primary object was to operate not with the 
people, but with the Administration for the ac- 
complishment of their purpose. The Secretary 
of War was to garrison southern posts with föw 
troops, and under the command of officers who 
were supposed to sympathize entirely with seces- 
sion. Artillery, arrns, and munitions of war, were 
to be transferred to southern arsenals and depots. 
And the sinews of war were to be material!yweak- 
ened by operations upon the Treasury. The Sec- 
retary of the Navy was to officer and station ships- 
of-war so that resignations and surrenders of our 
armed marine would be easily accomplished. The 
Secretary of the 'l'reasury was to excue panic in 
NV all street, depreciate public stocks, impair the 
public credit, which he was bound to protect, and 
suffer depredations upon the Department under 
his charge; while. the President, the wo-rthy head 
of the conspiracy, was to play the dignified part 
of dummy In this game Of political whist. Sir, 
these gentlemen acted with their usual sagacity; 
and how •wvell they have succeeded, let the events 
of the last three months and the present distracted 
condition of the country bear witness. 
in the mean time, the Republican party, ad' 
mirably organized and harmonions, having pro- 
were expressly repudiated. One of the most dis- the Thirty-Sixth Congress. 
' the Sir, I do not impeach the motives of these hon- 
tineuished of their fenders proclaimed that ' 
and the uni- orable gentlernen. They doubtless supposed they 
day of compromises had passed;" 
were obeying the will of their constituents. 
versa! heart resF)ouded arnen. Professing these 
I do say that by such discussion, and by such a 
princip\e.s•, the Republican party M.'ent into the con- 
of action, they contributed not a little to 
test in 1856, and by its youthful vigor, and by the 
the present unfortunate condition of the country. 
con•nnallding purity of its purposes, almost won 
And I say further, that it comes with but ill grace 
the people were not yet Ple- 
But, sir, 
the victory. 
pared {'or the victory; four years more were neces- from these gentlemen now to reproach Repub- 
I licansfor failing to exercise a compromising spirit; 
savy to the fall developmentofitsstrength. 'Those 
fot.u• years were years of further education to the för deClining, at their request, to sacrifice their 
i' convictions, and disregard the known. wilt of their 
northern mind. 
rl'he campaltrn of 1856 was one of enthusiasm. constituents. 
And still further, I would say to thcse conserva- 
Like the strifi' upon the red crest of Breed's hill, 
it was a conflict of gallant mililia acrainst trained tive gentlemen that, when they have done all which 
veterans. 'The result was that the Republican they can do, both here and at home, fo correct mis- 
representa tians of Republican principles and de- i. 
claimed to the country the same principles upon 
which it was founded, and by fidelity to which it 
had grown from infancy to the stature and strength 
of manhood; abating no whit of its uncompro- 
mising hostility to the extension and aggressions 
of slavery, and none of its equally uncompronlis- 
ing opposition to interference with the institu- 
tions of any of the States; loyal to the Consti- 
tution, obedient to the laws, and resolved at everv 
hazard to preserve the Union of the States, nom- 
inated a candidate who was, and Stili is, believed 
to be the true exponent of those principles, and 
whose firmness and personal probity had passed 
into a proverb; and with such a platform and 
candidate entered the canvass. 
Sir, there never was a presidential camnaign 
party was worsted. Democracy was victorious, 
. i si(rns•, when, following the patriotic examples of conducted with more reference to the reason, 
' so- 
and Lho present. Adrninistration clevated to poxver. 
the honorable gentleman from. filennessee, who ber second thought " and discriminating judgment 
Behold In this event, Mr. Speaker, another cause 
fearlessly read and fairly commented upon the of men, than the campaign which elected Mr. Lin- 
f'0k' the prequ.l€conclit,ion of things, Like. his imme- 
platform oft.he Republican partyin his own State, ! colli President of the Uhited Slates and secured 
d inte predecessor, the President had made pledges 
but to violate theyn•, had sectu•ed his position by and, I think among his own conslituents, during I the of Republican principles. Every- 
fraudulent. pretenses, and so shaped the entire the last canvass, or of the distinguished gentleman where throughout the North those principles were 
discussed calmly, dispassionately. Everywhere 
policy of his Administration ag to disappoint his from Maryland, who, during the same canvass, 
