976 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16. 
appreciative multitudes listened to those truths modes of conciliation recommended in the mes- 
with which they were already familiar; and to sage• 
the triumph of which they believed the country ! 
By the votes of Republican Representatives, 
would owe relief from intolerable wrongs and bur- " such portions of said message as referi•ed to the 
and prosperity which had charaeteriZed the ad: II State, with 
were referred 
ministrations of Jefferson, Madison, and Jack- power to report measures of conciliation. Here, 
son. These convictions, and the determination sir, in my judgment, was the first great error of 
which spring from the loftiest sense of duty, made I the representatives of freedom. By such action 
that party irresistible. 
Itoverthrew every obsta- there was a tacit admission that the Republican 
cle, and swept every frec State except one. 
party had done something wrong, which it was 
Six, on the 7th day of November last, when Re- i the duty of that party to redress. Or there was 
publicans met upon that hard-fought and well-won an intimation that Republicans deemed. it their 
field, they congratulated themselves, not so much duty to make apparent or real concessions to con- 
upon the election of their gallant leader to the ciliate. Sir, in my opinion, the dignity of• the 
Presidency as upon the victory which had been representatives of free principles would have been 
vouchsafed to freedom, justice, and humanity. better conserved by a prompt and emphatic re- 
These, sir, were their real leaders, and are now. II buke of the presumption; and not only the dig- 
Mr. Speaker, I have thus cursorily glanced at nity, but the harmony, integrity, and very exist- 
Resolved, That the overt acts of treason of' those mem- 
bers of the national Government who have countenanced 
and given aid to secession and rebellion in direct vio- 
lation of their oaths as officers, and should receive the con- 
demnation of all true patriots. 
Resolved, Elthat we confide fully in the wisdom and pa- 
triotism of Abraham Lincoln, our Chief Magistrate elect. 
Resoleed, That t.he platform of principles laid down by 
the national Republican convention at Ohicago, contains 
the true expression of our political fäith. 
Resolved, That the prompt tender of men and money by 
the Governor and Legislature of the State to the Federal 
Government, to aid in the cnforccment of the laws, de- 
serves and receives the cordial approval of the people. 
Resolved, That the firmn adherence of the officers of the 
Army to the cause of the Constitution znerits our warm- 
est approval. We rejoice that Genera* Scot,t is preserved 
to us to lead our armies in these times 01' trouble and rc- 
volt, and we have no fears for success while Lile hero of a 
hundred fights is the leader in the conflict. Our thanks are 
especially due to the gallant Major Anderson, whose con- 
which will enroll his namc with the noblest names in the 
Republic. 
the political incidents of the last twelve years, ence of the Republican party. 
Resoh•ed., That we call upon all true patriots. without re- 
Sir, let me be misunderstood as preferring 
not only to show the causes for the present con- 
dition of public affairs, sprinoing from the errors the integrity of a mere organization to the peace 
motion, it. was 
and unity of the Republic. 
of the opponents and the mistakes of the luke- 
I speak in no such 
Resolved, 'i'h•at a copy of the proceedings of this con- 
warm supporters of freedom, but also, as show- sense. 
I believe that this Republican party is 
vention be forwarded to our United States Scnawrs, to our 
ing the gradual but never retrograding advance of something moFe than an organization; that it has 
Representatives in Congress, and to our inenibers in the 
State Legislature. 
free sentiments throughout the North, as showing had confided to it by the people the noblest trust— 
the educational process through which, by de- II that of preserving and transmittincr to posterity Colun2bül Republican, Albany Evening Journal, and the 
grees, the popular mind in the free States have New 
E. G. WILBOR, President, 
by every constitutional means, the extension of the Constitution framed. I believe, sir, that, in the 
NELSON RUSK, v •ce President. 
CHARLES A. STEVENS, Secretary. 
and to oppose, in every legal manner, each and' that liberty with all its holy I Mr. Speaker, the result of this committee of 
every aggression of the slave power upon the incidents; and when my mind is prepared to see thirty-three is before uS now. It is the special 
rights or privileges of free citizens. Let me as- 
that party broken up by universal consent, order Of the day. It is before us in the shape of 
sure you, gentlemen of the South, that the pco- 
shall so far have become recreant as to prefer des- 
compromises, concessions, and additional guar- 
ple of the. North have formed that determination; potism to liberty, and slavery to freedom. I say 
antees of slavery. With these propositions be- 
that they will abide by it. 
frankly and kindly to all gentlemen, that if the fore us' we are prepared clearly to define our 
The people of the North deem the election of ordinary policiesofparty were thethingsto be com- position• 
Mr. Lincoln the surest, strongest evidence, not of II promised, if questions of tariffs, of public lands, 
Sir, I am opposed to any and all compromises— 
their power, but of the power of this chastened of treaty stipulations, of territorial boundai•ies, or 
1. Because they are to be extorted from us by 
and exalted public opinion. Tl'hey have regarded the expansion of territorial limits, were all that 
threats of dissolution of the Union ill case we re- 
his election as the dethronementot-the slave power divided our southern brethren and ourselves, I 
fuse. I desire to see the strength of this Govern- 
behind Presidents, Cabinets, the judiciary, and . would, ut5der ordinary circumstances, cheerfully 
ment tested, and to know whether the Union is 
the Federal Legislature. They have regarded his yield, compromise, and concede. 
) a Federal rope of sand, to be washed away by 
election as the nationalizetion of freedom; as the But, sir, those great principles of freedom, jus- 
every wave of passion, or an " indissoluble Gov- 
restoration of the Government to the policy of tice, and humanity, and the organization bound i ernment• " 
earlier and better days. 
In short, the people of to secure them, I will never sacrifice; nor will I 
the North regard the elect.ion ot' Mr. Lincoln as 
consent by my voice or vote to compromise them 
the assurance that the da-y of compromises has 
in the slightest degree. Like man 's courage and 
indeed and forever passed; that henceforth sla- woman 's honor, they should remain unsullied and 
very shall llave all the consideration which is con- 
unsuspected. 
stitu tionally due to it, and onore,; tha•t freedom I have said, sir, that, upon other questions than 
Shall have till its rights recognized and respected. 
f these, I would, under ordinary circumstances, 
, 20 sooner was the result of the yield; but, sir, I would not yield even those, under 
election known than the extreme South, led on i menace; and ti'lat reason, also; was I opposed 
by South Carolina, proceeded to the execution of to the cornprotnise committee of thirty-three. We 
the plans long since conte.mplated by them. Le- were inenaced then, we arc menaced now; and it 
gisiatures were convcned and conventions called. 
is by these powerful influences that 'vve are to be 
Open resistanc.e to the Federal Government was coerced. Sir, I am opposed to this killd of co- 
proclaimed. Armed men were concentrated, and ercion. And in this, as upon the other principles, 
2. Because they will fail to accomplish the rein- 
tegration of the Union. 
Six States have already seceded, and will not 
be parties to the transaction or bound by it, and 
one, if not more, has avowed hcr determination 
never to come back even upon the principle of rc- 
construction; and several of them are represented 
in a convention to form a southern confederacy, 
and have formed such confederacy. 
3. Because the Republican party is not now in 
power, and should not submit to any terrns as a 
condition-precedent to obtaining it. 
Our candidate bas been constitutionally elected ; 
entertains no principles hostile to the interests of 
moved upon Federal posts; and the intention was I rejoice that I am supported by my people. 
any one of the Stales. We are resolved to inau- 
boldly avowed never to submit to the administra- 
gurate him in the same constitutional manner. 
Republican County Conven tion. 
tion of a Republican President. The old doctrine 
At a convention of the Rcpublicans of the county of Co_ In the words of the distinguished Senator elect 
of secession was revived and advocated; and all lumbia, held in the city of Hudson, on the 17th day of Jan- 
inawuration first, adjustment after- 
I uary, 1861, Edward G. VVilb01' was chosen president, Nel- 
appearances justified the opirlion that it wouid be 
son Rusk, vice president, and Charles A. Stevens, secretarv. 
consummated. These acts and doctrines pro- 
4. Because the sentiment of nine ,tenths of the 
duced a deep sensation Ihroughout the slavehold- On Of John S. Gould, a cmmnittee of seven was 
appointed by the Chair to present resolutions for the con- 
Republicans of the free States is opposed to com- 
ing States. The excitement spread, and threat- 
sidcration 01' the convention, as J. S. Gould, J. promise of principle. I speak not of the commer- 
G. Palen. .10hn Cadn-,an, J. P. Dorr, W. H. Barnes, 11. S. 
ened ultimately to involve the whole fifteen States 
Cial circles, where the opinion of Mr. 'Webster 
Van Carr, and Williarn II. Hawvcr. 
in the sarne action. 
prevails, that " Governments were instituted to 
'llhe convention then adjourned to 2 0'clock, p. m. 
With such a stnte of affairs existing in the Re- 
'I'he convention again assembled at 2, p. and the protect property, 
no matter of what kind ; but of 
public, Congress convened on the .3d of Decom- 
reported the following resolutions; which, on the masses of thc free country, where, 
ber, and on the 4th received the annual message 
upon the mountain sides, in the valleys, and along 
Resob'ed. "I'hat concession to, or compromise with, 
of the President. Sir, in 1m y judgment. , this was 
the rivers of tbe North, no shackle rinos—no un- 
any State or other body of men vvhile in actual rebellion 
the criucal moment of the Republic; this the great against our Federal Governrnent, is utterly unpracticable, 
paid labor degrades, but where to work is to be 
opportunity which thc genius of a Napoleon, or inconsistent with our national dignity. 
em')obled, and evvhere the god of Freedom baptizes 
the firmness, discernment, and patriotism of a favor of inviolable fidelity all the provisions 
the foreheads of his sons with the dew of toil. 
Jackson, would have seized to repress treason 
of the Constitution and the laws as expounded by the These men want no corn nrotnises with slave la- 
vindicate the Constitution and laws, restore con 
- fathers ofthc Republic; and that we rejoice that in all thc boy—no unfair competition between their adven- 
fidence in the Union, and tranquillity to the coan 
_ eonørcs•sional struggles between Crcedonl and slavery, our turous toil and the investments of southerYi cap- 
try. But, sir, that firmness, discernment, and pa- 
ital. These men believe that 
the disunion sentiments which for many years past have 
tnotism, were altogether wanting in the President. 
to secure the 
been professed by the Representatives of the inalienable rights of life and liberty, governments 
His znessame to Congress was an indignity to this i' States, both in and out of Congress. 
were instituted amon& men.' 
body, and to the mass of the northet•n people. 
Resolved, 'That the cruelty and ill-treaunent which Gentlemen teli us that these' compromises are 
His suffffestionsofcompromises,concessions, and 
not expected or intended to conciliate the Gulf 
citizens, who have been rnurdered, beaten, exiled, and sub- 
further g uarantees to slavery, were the commence- 
jeetod to every species of insult and abuse, on the mere States, but to strcrwthen the Union senti;nent in 
ment Of a new order of things in this body; and suspicion that they love freedom better than slavery. excite 
the border slave States, and prevent further seces- 
should such or other compromises pass by Re- 
our wannest indignation; and that we eanphaticany call 
SIOi)S, Sir, no one cau rcspect [he U uiuu senti- 
pubiicå!l votes, I trust the paternity will be con- 
upon the •Genera! Govermnent to extend its protection over 
such citizens where Jlorniei]iated in tile southern States or 
men t more than 1 do; no one rnore ardentlv desirt-:s 
n •aded, Sir, it was Inosc befitting, after the Presi- 
while tra vpling through the:n. 
that the in tetrritv of this great nation *nay be pre- 
had insulted the constituency of every Re- 
Resolved. 'Phat we repudiate the doctrine of secession as 
But I say u.) trentiemcn from t lie border 
Representative by base and groundless 
held by South (}arolina and other States, and that we be- 
States, you a.sk of us the surrender of our honor 
charges, that several of those Representatives 
lieve the Constitution, as formed hy our fathers, is an in- 
.1 dissoluble Government, which must and shall be pre- 
as well as of our principles; you ask of' us what 
should indorse each allegation by adopting the !l served." 
li in no case you wo,uld be willing to yield to us. 
