THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
whole of that Territory. Under this doctrine, they have 
eonvöi•te'd tract of free territory into slave-territory, xnore 
than five times the size of the State of New York. Under 
this doctrine, slavery has been extended from the Rio 
Grande to the Gulf- of California, and from the line of' the 
Republic of Mexico, not only up to 360 30', but up to 380• 
giving you. a degree and half more slave territory than 
. you ever, claimed.. In 1848 and 1849 and 1850, you only 
asked to have the line of 360 30'. The Nashville conven- 
tion fixed that-as its ultimatum. I offered it in the Senate 
in and it was adopted here„ but rejected in 
the House of- Representatives. You asked only up to 360 
301, and non-intervention has given you slave territory up 
degree and a half more than you asked; and -yet 
you say this•is of southern rights 
Sir, if the people of New Mexico have thus de- 
liberåtely adopted a territorial constitution pro- 
slavery m its character; and have, through their 
Territorial Legislature, passed, sustained, and 
themselves submitted to such disgraceful slave 
legislation; and have with great unanimity elected 
a-pro-slavery Detegate in Congress, I submit to 
Republican Representatives whether the inference 
is not irresistible that the same people will adopt 
a slave constitution, and under it come into the 
Union as a slave State; and I submit further to 
them, whether such legislation will redeem the 
pledges which they made to the people, and by 
which they were elected? Sir, for these reasons 
I shall vote against the measure. 
The third compromise is an amendment to the 
fugitive slave act of 1850'. I am opposed to this 
amendment. 
1.' Because it retains in the act • amended those 
unconstitutional features existing in that act, vest- 
ing in commissioners the judicial power to dis- 
pose of the questions of personal liberty, the sus- 
pension of the writ of habeas corpus, and the refusal 
of jury trial in the State where the fugitive resides 
at the time of seizure. 
2. Because it compels the citizen to aid in the 
capture or detention of the fugitive whenever the 
owner or marshal shall amprehend resistance 
to such capture, thus placing the honor and self- 
respect of every citizen ofa free State in the cus- 
tody and subject to the " apprehension " of the 
kidnapper, and compelling such citizen, under 
severe penalties, to perform a revolting task, to 
which no southern.gentiemen even would submit, 
t.nd the performance of which among themselves 
is left to a mercenary and degraded class, not 
recognized as the social equal of the slave owner. 
3. Because it may remove from the place of his 
birth and continued residence to a remote and 
unfriendly vicinage, a free citizen , subjecting him 
to all the perils, delays, and inconveniences of a 
trial in, to him, a foreign land, and before a tri- 
bunal which " recognizes in him no right which 
a white man is bound to respect," subjects him 
to a temporary imprisonmcntwithout bail or lim- 
its, subjects him to the unjust presumption that he 
is a slave, compels his witnesses from•a great dis- 
tance, and into an unfriendly neighborhood; and, 
should they bc of colored skin, exposes them to 
the inconvenienccs and imprisomnents awarded 
to all colored freemen from the North in slave- 
holding States. In short, it renews the grievances 
of our revolutionary ancestors, that. of" transport- 
inff men beyond proper jurisdictions, to be tried 
for pretended offenses." 
4. It substitutes et parte proofs before the com- 
missioner, and his decision thereupon, in place of 
the practice of the civilized world in all ot,l-her 
cases, where the accused is to be confronted with 
the accuser, and allowed opportunity to defend. 
5. By supporting this proposi_tion, I and my 
people indorse the odious act of 1850, in all these 
unconstitutional errors, all these great wrongs, 
and in its conspiracy against the freedom of tl•uou- 
sands and the honor of millions. Sip, I will never 
vote for any such measure. But I will, here and I 
now, vote to repeal the act of 1850 uncondition- 
ally, and thus revive-the act of 1793, under which, 
for fifty-seven years, the " Republic was peace. " 
And more, sir, I am of the same opinion as Mr. 
Webster, that, under the Constitution, the whole 
business of delivering up such as owed service or 
labor, belonged to the State whither the fugitive 
flee or shall have fled frorn justice arid be Found in another 
State, shall, on the demand of the executive authority of 
t.he State from which. he fled upon the district judge of the 
United States of the district in which he may be föund, be 
arrested and brought before such judge, •,vho, on being sat- 
isfied that he is the person charged, and that he was within 
the jurisdiction of such State at the time such crime was 
committed, of which such charge shall be Timafucie evi- 
dence, shall dclivcr him up to be removed to the State hav- 
mg jurisdiction of the crime ; and if any question of law 
shall arise during such examination, it may be taken on 
exceptions by writ of error to the circuit court. 
I am opposed to this amendment of the act of 
1793— 
1. Because it takes from the Govern oru)f. the 
several States, who are the representatives of the 
sovereignty of such State, the powers heretofore 
vested in and exercised by them, to protect the 
life and liberty of the citizen. 
2. Because it transfers those powers to the Fed- 
eral judiciary, and to officers appointed by the 
Federal Executive and holding their offices by a 
life-long tenure. 
3. Because, by such deprivation and transfer, 
it 'G abridges the rights of the States," and tends 
to the centralization of power in the Federal Gov- 
ernment, of which the people and the States are 
so iustly jealous; against which our constitutional 
fathers so earnestly protested, which they so much 
feared, and which they endeavored in every way 
to prevent. With such a clause in the original 
Constitution, I do not hesitate to aficm that it 
would never have been adopted by the States; 
never. 
4. Because, upon such judicial officer, an in- 
dictment. found in his own court, or one of equal 
jurisdiction, would be regarded as conclusive; 
'vvhereas State executives, entirely independent in 
their action, have-refused so to regard indictments 
or certified affidavits, but have passed behind , and 
examined into the merits of the application. 
5. The term other satisfactory evidence is 
too vague and undefined to meet with approval. 
Under the act of 1793 such evidence was clearly 
defined. It must be " indictment," or " affdavits 
duly certified by the executive " of the State where 
the offense xxvas alleged to have been committed. I 
cannot consent to invest a Federal offcer, himself 
not immediately responsible to the people, and 
•receiving his Inandates from irresponsible supe- 
riors, with any such dangerous discrction. 
6. My sixth objection to this amendment is my 
In 
want of confidence in the Federal judiciary. 
former and latter days, it has stepped tob far 
beyond the limits of well-defined duties, and has 
ignoretd many of the personal rights of the 
cit.izen, and has endeavored to grasp too many 
powers as a correlativc department of the Gov- 
ernrnent; and it has too often and too effectually 
dictated to the legislation of the country, to in- 
sure such respect as would induce my vote to 
invest them with other powers at the expense of 
State rights.." 
7. I object 40 this amendment upon the further 
gvound that, if not intended, it will be used to 
suppress freedom of speech and of the press, not 
only in slaveholding, but in free States. 
An indictment in South Carolina against the 
editor of a paper published in Albany, Boston, or 
New York, and mailed to, and received and read 
or circulated in that State, would be presumptive 
evidence of the publicati0Y1 in that State—a pre- 
sumption to be disproved by the party charged, 
and, pcrhnps, not permitted to be disproved at all. 
Certainly this presumption could not be rebutted 
before the judicial offcer issuing process of ar- 
rest, and remanding for trial. 
8. I do not believe that the Federal judiciary, 
or any of its ofiicers, should be placed at the dis- 
posa\ of the executive of any State, to arrest, or 
cause to be arrested and returned, any person 
alleged to have committed an offense against the, 
laws of such State. Their functions are judicial, 
not police. 
9. do not believe that the Federal judiciary, 
or any of its offcers, have any constitutional right 
to arraign, examine, and remand, any person for 
an offense alleøed to have been committed against 
fled, and not to the General Government. 
the laws of any one of the States. Their juris- 
The last proposition of the committee of thirty- 
diction and duties are clearly defined by the Con- 
three is as follows: 
stitution. All are denied them,and reserved 
Jmendment Of the act for the rendition of fugiti-z;cs from 
to the State tribunals. 
justice. 
Be it enacted by the Senate and I-louse of Representatives Mr. Speaker, with these objections, I shall vote 
Besides these, certain resolutions have been sub* 
mitted by said committee, many of which are 
open to similar objections, and which I cannot 
support. My time forbids their consideration. 
Another proposition is before the Housc in the 
form of an amendment, known as the Crittenden 
It is enough at this time for me to 
compromise. 
say, that it seeks to incorporate into the Corrstitu- 
tion of the Republic the föllowinff propositions: 
1. That Congress shall have no power to preR 
vent the extension of slavery into free territory. 
2. That south of a certain geographical parallel 
of latitude, Congress, or a Territorial Legislature, 
shall have no power to abolism modify, or in any 
way interfere with slavery in the Territories. 
3. That slavery shall be prote«ed in all terri- 
tory south of such parallel, and slaves shall be 
regarded and protected as property, in -the same 
manner as all other kinds of property. 
4. That Congress shall have no power to abol- 
ish slavery in the District of Columbia. 
5. Orin the forts, arsenals, dock-yards, or where 
ever else the Federal Government has exclusive 
jurisdiction. 
6. That in case of the failurc to arrest any al- 
the community 
leeed fu&itive from service," 
t where such failure took place shall be compelled 
. to pay the value of such alleged fugitive to the 
owner thereof, and may be prosecuted for that 
In short, it seeks to 
purpose and to that effect. 
Incorporate into the Constitution, and • by joint 
resolution, too, the principles set forth in the Piat- 
form of the Breckinridge wing of the Democratic 
i party during the last canvass. 
Propositions which were introduced and urged 
by secession gentlemen to break up the Demo- 
i cratic convention and party, and w hie,h were repu- 
diatcd by an overwhelming popular majority in 
November. 
I shall vote against that compromise. 
Mr. Speaker, having stated thus frankly what I 
•will not support, it may be asked me " what affrm- 
ative action do you propose shall be taken? 
This is a most important inquiry. But, sir, aware 
of all the responsibilities which devolve upon 
me as a Representative, of all the perils which 
environ my country, asking for that wisdom of 
duty which cometh down freely from and 
hoping for that fortitude which renders man 
equal to either fortune," I have no diffculty in 
answering the inquiry. I propose that the Con- 
stitution of the Republic shall remain forever 
intact, the same invulnerable, immortal ægis of 
human rights, forged upon the stithys of our rev- 
I propose that the Union 
olutionary demi-gods. 
of the States ordained by our fathers, and upon 
which their and our common Father has smiled 
glory and prosperity, shall at all hazard and by 
every power of the Government be maintained. 
I propose that the just laws of my country shall 
be enforced everywhere throughout her borders, 
and by every constitutional means; and that such 
additional legislation shalt be immediately had as 
will enable such object to be accomplished. 
propose that the property of the Republic Which 
has been unlawfully seized shall be repossessed; 
that the civil and military offcers of the Govern- 
i ment, who for the discharge of their duties have 
\ been imprisoned or be]eaguered, shall immedi- 
ately be succored; and that the honor of our flag, 
which has been tarnished, shall be vindicated be- 
fore the world. I proposc that the wil}ofthepeopie 
of the Union, mighty, majestic, and constitution- 
ally expressed at the national election, shall be 
respected and obeyed. And above all, sir, do 
propose that liberty shall not again be beaten 
down upon the threshold and beside the altars of 
this her temple. That the free principles which 
undeflie the whole structure of the Republic for 
which constitutions were ordained, laws enacted, 
and the will of the people expressed, shall not 
again be compelled to pass under the yoke of 
slavery. 
These propositions constitute a platform saff- 
ciently broad and strong to upbear the patriotic 
men of every section of the Union. They in- 
volve no sacrifice but the maintenance of our mu- 
tual principles. They will restore peace, tranquil- 
lity, and self-respect. They wili bring back to us 
the almost alienated confidence and respect, not 
only of the lovers of liberty, but of the despots of 
of the United States of america in Congress assembled, 'I'hat 
aoainst this amendment. 
the Old World. Or if, sir, in the book of destiny, 
every person charged, hy indictment or other satisfactory b Thus much fbr the compromise Of the select 
it is written that the prosperity , happiness, glory , 
committed Within the jurisdiction cf euch State, who shali committee of thirty-three. 
and very existence of our beloved country isabout 
