1861. 
to cease, it will be to those who stand firm to-day a 
proud consciousness that they feli with her, striv- 
Ing to uphold the same great principles which 
ushered her into being. It will be no mean sat- 
isfaction to. anticipate, that, in the far hereafter, 
history may rear in her Necropolis -their monu- 
ments beside those of the illustrious fathers who 
trod the same stern path of duty, and. fell upon 
the same field of honor. 
Mr. DUELLI Mr. Speaker, the secession of 
six States from the Federal Union brings us face 
to face with grave issues, fraught with results of 
the most momentous•importance. The unavoid- 
able duty now devolves upon every true patriot 
and friend of the American Union of examining 
with care the great questions presented, and in- 
forming himself as to the proper course to be pur- 
sued in this trying emergency. 
At a period in our history when thig great 
American Confederac.y has advanced to a position 
which commands the respectful attention of the 
civilized world; at a moment when the whole 
country is full of st.rc_ngth, and when a gracious 
Providence has vouchsafed to us a season of un- 
exampled abundance, with no new element of strife 
in our system which has not been present every nuo- 
ment since the organization of the Gocernment; at 
such a moment, our oreat political fabric issought 
to be overthrown in one section of the Union, by 
an armed resistance to the Federal Government, 
and- a conspiracy against the Constitution, the 
Union, and the laws. 
W ith the exception of that protracted arid-bloody 
conflict which gave birth to this nation, none' has 
arisen, and, in my judgment, none will arise in 
our subsequent history , involving in terests so vast, 
consequences so momentous, as the one now 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBØ. 
the seventy-two years which will have elapsed on 
the 4th of March, 1861, when Mr. Buchanan 's 
presidential term expires, the South will have 
had the President and the entire control of the 
Government, forty-eight years, and the North 
twenty-four. Now, sir, I care nothing about the 
question of which section has had the n-nost, hon- 
ors. The North should not complain, because 
she might have had •it otherwise. But When 
southern gentlemen talk of aggressions upon their 
rights by the people of the- North, and- ask for 
guarantees in the future, I desire to know what 
kind of aggressions they can" bé, when thé North 
has for forty-eight years out of seventy-two sur- 
rendered up to the South the whole control and 
management of the Government in all its branches? 
Not only have they had the Presidents, but, 
through them, the Cabinets,-thecourts; and all the 
omcers of every grade throughout the country. 
The shaping, the forming, and modeling of the 
system, has been theirs. The government of the 
Territories, tho powerful influence of the execu- 
I tive over the legislative branch, has all this timc 
been with thc South, sometimes having the Pres- 
ident and Vice President both, and alt this, too, 
when the North could have prevented it, as her 
electoral vote has always been the largest; but she 
did not. 
The South.has had all the proper legislation 
she asked. No legislation of Congress has evgr 
been directed to the disturbance of s\avcry where 
-it actually existed. Tithe foreign slavb trade was 
permitted to continue till 1808; and its prohibition 
after that period was an ad vantage to the South. 
By the purchase of Louisiana and Florida, and 
the annexation of Texas, a large number of slaves, 
together with a vast extent ofslave territory, have 
pressinø its fearful weight upon us; reaching, as i' been brought into the Union, at an innnensc ex- 
It does, to the remotest posterity, and involvincr 
pense to the couritry•, but not a sin(rle slave has 
not only the character and policy of our Govern- II ever been made free by the action of Congress. 
mcnt, but its very cxistcnce. '1" hc ultimate de- This peculiar institution of the South is strorvcr 
cision of the present controversy will settle the I i there now tl'lan it was at the time of thc.formation 
great question whether this Government shaki be I of t.hc Constitution, in 1787. The free States, 
administered in the spirit that gave it birth; 
whether peaceful, constitutional self-government 
shall be supplanted by a system of Mexican vio- 
lence and anarchy, where life, liberty, and prop- 
erty, are never safe. This is the point vv'e have 
reached. 
tions; and have boasted that, however excited our 
elections may have been, all parties joined in sus- 
taining the victors. About three months since a 
vitrorous election terminated, and a Chief Magis- 
trate was elected by the people in strict conform- 
ity to the Constitution. From that day to the 
present, a portion of the southern people have per- 
although in a majority in both branches of Con- 
gress, and havitog• the power to pass any law they 
please, havc not abolished slavery in the District 
I of Columbia, or in the forts, mao•azines, arse- 
nals, and dock-yards, over which Congress has 
jurisdiction. If, then, the slave States have never 
Hcretofore we-have been proud of our institu- I been invaded by conoressionul legislation attack- 
ing her peculiar institution there; if Congress has 
forborne to pass any laws affecting this interest 
injuriously wherc it act.ually exists, why is it that 
guarantces are demanded at this time? 
severingly sought to destroy that Government of 
which they had just endeavored to take renewed 
possession. Théy say they have a legal and con- 
stitutional right so to do; and V..,re are thus to 
inquire whether any •justification exists for this i I 
extraordinary procedure. 
For the past three months, the cry o? usurpa- 
tion, tyranny, and oppression, 
has been daily 
rincrino• in our ears. Thesc complaints come but 
from one section of the Union—the South; and 
relate to but one subject—slavery. The charge is 
that the North has committed a2gressions on the 
South. 
Sir, when and where did the North ever at- 
The passage of personal liberty bills by some 
of the northern States has furnished theoccasion, 
though not a justification, for much censure, and 
the excuse ftn• much of the feeling exhibited by 
the South. 
Sir, it is the highest duty of a State to protect 
the. liberties of its citizens with all possible secu- 
ties consistcnl with superior constitutional obli- 
gations. Laws calculated to accomplish that pur- 
pose ought not to be repealed, unless they clearly 
transøress the limits of constitutional power. 
has been well said that the Constitution of the 
United States was not intended, and must not be 
construed to intend, to divest the States of their 
power to protect their citizeus in the enjoyment 
of life, libcrty, and safety. This power of the 
State and the powers of the Federal Government 
of the North are forbidden 
ing our own citizens in of'S' -lifé, 
liberty, and thepursuit Of hdppiness. -Federal 
laws rn favor,of slavery are sacred, békbri- 
• forced at any cost to the free StateS; While State 
laws 'in, favorof freedom are but so måhy aggres- 
sions , upon -southern' rights; to:be repealed even 
before their constitutionality has been teStédin• a 
court Of justice! -'Until oil' -brethren of the Söuth 
shall concede to the alleged- fugitive a jury 
in the State where he is-arrested,' self-protection, 
as'well:as humanity, alike demand that •every free 
State should have a law' upon its statutæbook—— 
constitutional in its provisions—to •prevent the 
kidnapping of our colored citizens. Ailaw Of that 
character ought not to be regarded as aggressive, 
or as designed to interfere with the constitutional 
rights of the South. 
Sir, we all know that there is a, most unfortu• 
nate misapprehension in the 'southern -mind, in 
regard to-the feelings and mötives of northern men. 
Deception and misrepresentation have been freely 
and criminally employed by designing politicians 
north and south, to exasperate the southerrr peo- 
ple, and to goad them to a'c'ts of folly andmadness. 
All' through the South men in high positions have 
lent themselves to the propagation of the basest 
slanders, to foment discord between •the two 'sec- 
tions of our country, and every appliance of • art 
and dissimulation has been resofted -to, widen 
I the breach, and to dedeivé the people of the South 
into the support of a vile and-treasonable conspir- 
acy. Vou of the South arc told that Lincoln, 
Seward, and the entire victorious party of :the 
North 
, are fiends and devils incarnate; that thei•e 
is no virtue, no love of country, no humanity, no 
purity, no honesty in the ranks of the Republican 
party. Truth might well stand back aghCFi, at 
the rage of passion and falsific•ation. Sir; miléss 
the southern mind is disabused Of these erroneous 
conceptions, an eternal gulf of impassable hatred 
will soon roll between us. Then .will come a War 
of extermination and desolation,' Whose angry 
front shall surge across the land and drench the 
kindly bosom of our mother earth with the gore 
of our brethren—a war that will bring no glory to 
the victor; that will send its slain before the pres- 
enco of their God with consciences wreaking with 
guilty murder of men of our own race and lineage 
—of the same Fcligion, sinful like us, faulty like 
us, yet¯none the less -our kindred, our brothers, 
before high heaven. The people of the South 
should turn a deaf ear to tl'iose unscrupulous 
politicians who expect agitation and turbulence 
to raise them to the surface, from. the depths of 
oblivion, to which a peaceful state precipitates 
them. 
Mr. Speaker, thc present attitude of the North 
is that of dignified consistency, and certainly of 
praiseworthy forbearance towards the ' South 
Gentlemen the border slaveholding States say 
that they do not justify the violence of South Oar- 
olina, Georgia I, Alaban"la, Florida, Mississippi, 
and Louisiana, in seizing Government property 
and the act of the former in firing il')to a Govern- 
rnent vessel. You say that they have acted with 
precipitation, and that you are for preserving the 
Union. Well, if you cannot sanction what they 
have done, do not the northern States show great 
magnanimity, that they do not resent these wan- 
Ion outra'-rcs to our Government and to the honor 
tcmpt to control the action of this Goverrnnent must be construed together, thc_ one. curbing and of our national flacr? Gentlemen of the South fire 
for the promotion of her peculiar interests? When liniiting the other, just, as the rights of one citi- 
up with great indignation, and some southern 
did the North ever invoke the action of this Gov- zen to the enjoyment of hlis property ore limited Legislatures have passed death-breathing resolu- 
tians, because, after an affgressive, act of war by 
ernmcnt for its exclusive benefit? ask for the by the equal rights of another to the enjoy tnent. 
a southern State, and after exténsivc armed prep- 
If rights asserted under the two jurisdic- 
instance to be named. The South has repeatedly of his. 
tions conflict, the inferior right should yield to the arations in the South, some of the northern States 
asked for legislation in behalf of her peculiar 
see proper to tender aid to the General Govern- 
superior; and the right of one man to tbe service 
institution," and her request has never yet been 
denied. As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Of another must yield to the superior right of a ment. The people of the North, so far from acting 
hastily, have shown spirit of patience under 
ETHERIDGE remarked, the of the South I freeman to himself. 
crreat provocation, such as they never would have 
Thc legislation of the free States for the pro- 
had demanc ed nothing which they had not got. 
They first demanded the Missouri compromise: tection of personal, liberty finds exarnples in the II 
submitted to from the most powerful foreign na• 
I understand that every southern 
tion on the globe. 
they got it. They demanded its repeal: they got slave States. 
i State has similar personal libcrty bills, enacted 
Do those States who have resolved themselves 
it. They demanded the acquisition oCs}ave terri- 
tory; and they got it. They deman'ded a fugitive for the purpose of protecting the liberty of her out of the Union approach us on the subject Of 
free citizens. They surely cannot complain of compronuse in a,spirit of conciliation? Far from 
In short, 
slave-law in 1850; and they got that. 
slavery, although a local institution, has been laws which find analogies in their own statute- it. With arms in their bands they •demand our 
maki ng demands upon the General Government books. Neither should the fact be overlooked hun•liliation. Cl'hc most fearful consequences are 
predicted, and the most terrible vengeance threat- 
and the free States ever since the adoption of the ii that the act of 1850, for the return of fucyitive 
ened, if the new Administration shall attempt to 
The wise man of the Scriptures i' slaves, is unnecessarily harsh, irritating, and ca- 
Constitution . 
pable of being used for purposes of oppvession. enforce the laws. Civil war, disunion, and bloody 
speaks of four things that arc never satisfied. 
desolation are the mildcstfiguresemployed. 'They 
SiaVery is the fifth that has never yet said While every possible guard is thrown around the 
i rights of the slaveholder, as if' his institution was dernund concessions which cannot begranted, ex- 
enough. " 
Since the adoption of our Constitution, out of l} to be cherished tunl fostered as a Givinc one, we II cept at the expense of liberty and honor, and by 
