980 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE; 
February 16, 
abase surrender of the veyy,principles- on which 
this Government was founded. 
Sir, I have examined with some care the vari- 
ous propositions submitted to the House for the 
purpose of quieting the present troubles.: The 
compromises proposed by the chairman of the 
committee of thirty-three [Mr. CORWINI are as 
follows: 
1. An to the Constitution, whereby 
any power to interfere;with: slavery in the States 
is fp.rever denied to Congress, until every State in 
the Union, by its indiy.ldual: State action; shall 
consent to its exercise. * 
2. -An act for. the admission of Now Mexico as 
a slave Stpt,e, withoutfurther action of Congress. 
3, An amendment of the fugitive slave law, so 
that it shall be more efficient fbr the arrest of fu- 
gitive slaves. 
4. An amendment of the act for the rendition 
of fugitives from justice, so as to give the Federal 
courts exclusive jurisdiction, and make the in- 
dictment primefccie evidence against the accused. 
So får as the first proposition is concerned, there 
.is no necessity whatever for its passnge. The Con- 
stitution protects slavery in the States, and forbids 
any interference by Congress. The platform of 
the Republican party, adopted at Chicago, ex- 
pr.eåsly recognizes this doctrine in the following 
.resolve: 
"Fourth. That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of 
the States, and especially the right of each State to order 
and control its own domestic institutions, according to its 
-power o.n whieh the perfection and enduranceof our polit- 
ieai fubrie depends ; and wedenounce the lawless invasion, 
by apned force, of the soil of any State or Territory, no mat- 
ter under what pretext, as among the gravest of crimes." 
The remaining propositions are objectionable, 
to use the language of the gentleman from Ohio, 
[Mr. BINGHAM,] " on the ground of constitution- 
ality, on the ground of humanity, and on the 
ground of policy." From the debate thus far I 
am led to conclude that these propositions, if 
adopted, would not satisfy those gentlemen of the 
Sou lh who complain of northern acyryressionsupon 
their constitutional righ Is. The gentleman from 
Massachusetts, [Mr. ADAMs,] a member of the 
committee, is of the same opinion; for he states 
inhis minority report: 
That no form of adiustment will be satisfactory to the 
recusant States which does not incorpora.te into the Constitu- 
tion of the Unil,cd States a recognition of the obligation to 
protect and extend slavery. this condition, and on this 
glone, will they consel*t to withdraw their opposition to 
the reccyrnition of a constitutional clection of the Chief 
Magistrate. Viewing the Inatter in this light, it seelus un- 
advisable to attempt to proceed a step t•urther in the way of 
offering unacceptable propositions." 
This of itself is a suffcient reason why north- 
ern Representatives should withhold their votes 
frorn these propositions. A compromise of this 
character would not make peace. Its utmost effect 
would be to make a short, deceptive, fruitless 
truce, the prelude to a contest twofold morc in- 
tense and destructive. 
'l"he plan of Mr. CRITTENDEN, proposinty eer- 
tain amendments to the Constitution, has attracted 
the most general attention, and wo are exhorted I 
to support it by considerations no less sacred 
than those of union and peace. W c are told that 
if we pass it, we shall heal the bleeding wounds 
of the country, bring back the seccding States, 
and restore peace and harmony to a divided peo- 
pie. 
It is, I fear, like s;mne other compromises 
which we have made—a surrender of principle i 
on thc part of the North—and will lead, probably, 
to the same or a worse conclusion. The amend- 
ments proposed by Mr. CRITTENDEN are as fol- 
10 ws: 
ART. 1. In all the territory of the United States now 
held, or hereafter acquired, situate north of latitude 360 30/ 
slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punishment 
for crime, is prohibited while such territory shall remain 
under territorial government. 
In all the territory south of 
said line 01' latitude, slavery of the African race is hereby 
recognized as existing, and shall not be interfi±rcd wkth by 
Congress, but shall be protected as property by all the de- 
the adjoining States Virginia and Maryland, or either, nor 
without the consent of the inhabitants, nor without just 
cornpexsation first made to such os•mers of slaves as do not 
consent to such abolishment. Nor shall Congress at any 
time prohibit officers of the Federal Government, or meni- 
bers of Copgress, whose duties require them to he in said 
District, from bringing with them their slaves, and holding 
them as such during tne time their duties Inay require them 
to remain there, and afterwards taking them from the DiS- 
trict. 
"ART. 4. Congress shall have no.power to prohibit or hin- 
der the transportation of slaves from one State to, another, 
or to a Territory in which slaves ate by law permitted to 
be held, whether that transportation be by land, navigable 
rivers, or by the sea. 
'(ART. 5. That in addition to the provisions of the 
paragraph of tlie second section of the fourth article of the 
Constitution of the United States, Congréss shall have 
power to provide by law, and it shall be its duty so to pro- 
vide, that the United States •shall pay to the owner who 
shall apply fbr it, the full value of' his fugitive slave in all 
cases when the marshal, or other officer whose duty it was 
to arrest said fugitive, was prevented from so doing by vio- 
lence 01• intimidation, or when, after arrest, said fugitive 
was rescued by törce, and the owner thereby prevented and 
obstructed in the pursuit ot- his remedy for the recovery of 
his fugitive slave under the said clause of the Constitution 
and the laws made in pursuance thereof. And in all such 
cases, when the United States shall pay for such fugitive, 
they shall have the right, in their own name, to sue the 
county in which said violence, intimidation, or rescue was 
committed, and to recover from it, with interest and dam- 
ages, the amount paid by them for said fugitive slave. And 
t.he said county, after it has paid said alnount to the United 
States, may, its indemnity, suc and recover from the 
wrongdoers or rescuers by whom the owner was prevented 
from the recovery of his fugitive slave, in like manner as 
the owner himself Might have sucd and recovered. 
"ART. 6. No future amendment of the Constitution shall 
affect the five preceding articles ; nor the third paragraph 
oftbe second section of the first article of the Constitution ; 
nor the third paragraph of the. second section of the fourth 
article of said Constitution ; and no amendinent shall be 
made to the Constitution which. shall authorize or give, to 
Congress any power to abolish or interfere with slavery in 
any of the States by whose laws it is, or may be, allowed 
or permitted." 
Mr. Speaker, these amendments make slavery 
a national institution, by a constitutional recog- 
nition of the right of property in man, and pledges 
the Federal Government to its support. It is sub- 
stantially the Breckinridge platform, which was 
condemned at the late election by a vote of more 
than four to one. When it '•tvas introduced into 
the national Democratic convention, last spring, 
that body chose to see itself split into pieces rather 
than to adopt it in any form. The returns o? the 
late presidential election show that more than a 
million Democrats, north and south, voted for 
Stephen A. Douglas, in order to express their dis- 
sent from it. Every free State voted for a directly 
opposite principle, including my own State, where, 
out of over five hundred thousand votes, not over 
twenty thousand were cast for Mr. Brady, the 
candidate of the Breckinridge Democracy for the 
offce of Governor. And yet, in the face of the 
fact that this heresy, put forth by Yancey and 
the disunionists, was repudiated by the people, 
we, their Representatives, are asked to accept it 
as concession to the small, disaffected minority 
who threaten civil war and the overthrow of the 
Government in case of refusal. 
Sir, I object to these amendments for the further 
reason, that they propose to make a constitution 
which shall be one thing in the South, and another 
thing in the North; which shall recognize prop- 
erty in men and protect it south of 360 30' and 
which Shull prohibit slavery north of that line, 
until State €rovernments are formed. Do we want 
a sectional Constitution, drawincr a geographical 
line between difbrent sections of the Union, and 
o•iving tl'ie two sections different laws? 
in any other way than by harmonizing its policy 
with the. thought that gave it birth. 
I' object to the Crittenden compromise for an- 
other reason. If the seceding States come back 
under any such offer as is proposed in th isscheme, 
they bring back with them the doctrines of State 
sovereignty and the righ t of secession unimpaired . 
I had almost said acknowledged, and certainly 
successful. The loyal States may not ingraft this 
upon the written compact, but they will, have 
recognized the. practical effciency of these doc- 
trines. We may still call it revolution, but the 
record will sho.w that this revolution has been the 
means of gaining for the revolutionists all that 
they desired, and will give them a most instruct- 
ive precedent for their guidance in making any 
future demands. 
Now, sir, if the validity of this method of de- 
manding that which is supposed to be right or 
convenient is once admitted, the occasion for its 
practice will not long be wanting. W c are told 
that the adoption of this compromise will remove 
the slavery question from Congress; and that we, 
therefore, need not fear any of those fixture diff- 
culties which we apprehend. But how is this 
question to be removed from Congress? As the 
proposition now stands, it covers all future acqui- 
sitions of territory. No sane man can fail to see 
that the whole controversy is reopened thc mo- 
ment any such acquisition is proposed. 
For these, among other reasons, I •am in favor 
of the resolution reported by Messrs. WASHBURN 
and TAPPAN, from the committee of thirty-three; 
which is in the following words: 
Resolved, That the provisions of the Constitution are 
ample for the preservation of the Union, and the protection 
an the material interests of the country; that it needs 
to be obeyed rather than amended; and our extrication 
from present difficulties is to be looked for in efforts to pre- 
serve and protect the public property and enforce the laws, 
rather than in new guarantees for particular interests, or 
compromises or concessions to unreasonable demands. 
Sir, I believe that we can stand with safety 
upon this proposition. It reduces the issue to a 
simple question of fidelity to the Union, and acqui- 
escence in the Constitution as it is. Any south- 
ern State desiring to remain, and satisfied with 
its old rights, can here find ground on which to 
rcgt secure. • Any State not wishing to retnain, 
or dissatisfied With the Constitution, will find 
little occasion in adopting this resolution to felic- 
itate itself upon the success of its movement. 
Among such States as adhere to the Constitution 
upon this basis, we shall have firm and solid 
Uniou, not weakened by tuworthy concessions 
to threats or actual violence, nor by any implied 
admission of the right of secession among the 
remedies for the supposed grievances of States. 
Of those which have seceded, few, in my judg- 
ment, will fail to return finallv, with minds so- 
bered and enlightened ; but they will not bri og back 
those overstrained notions of State sovereignty, 
on the strength of which they have gone into thcir 
present undertaking; and which, if once acceded 
to, even by implication, must inevitably under- 
mine the foundations of the Government. 
In my judgment, the present is no time för com- 
promise. Until the strength of the Government 
bc tested, it is not right, 01' legal, or politic to con- 
sider concessions. 
is only when traitors have 
been reduced to obedience, 01' the Government has 
proved impotent, that we should be constructino• 
articles of agreement. A compromise at this time 
would be the humiliation of one section, loyal to 
I ouject to these propositions, because theyare the Union, and obedient to the laws made under 
a departure from the fundamental principles on II the Constitution, to another section in array 
which this Government was founded. Our fathers I against the Government of the Union, and defy- 
prohibited slavery in all of the territory belongincr ing law, order, justice, and My remedy, 
to the Government at its formation; instead of 
looking forward to its diffusion over new reoions, 
they confidently expected it to be swept from the 
country at no very distant period; and finally the 
compromises on the su b.ject of slavery, to which 
the northern States assented, were formed in ref- 
partments of the territorial government during its contin- 
crence to these facts, and must be interpreted in 
uancc. And when any 'I'crritory, north or south of said 
the light which they reflect upon our path from 
line, within such boundaries as Congress 'nay prescribe, 
shall contain the population requisite tor a member of 
that early period. The doctrine of no more 
gress according to the then Federal ratio of representation slave States and no slave territory" was the doc- 
of the people of the United States. it shall if its fonn (if' 
trine of the founders of the Rcpublic; and_just in 
"overtllnent be republican. he admitted into the Union, on 
Rn equal töoting with the original States, with or without proportion as this policy has been departed from, 
slavery, constitution of' such new State may provide. il just in that proportion has it sown the sceds of 
" ART. 2. Congress shall have power to sla- discord and weakness in the nat.ion. Concessions 
very in places undnt its exclusive jurisdiction, and situate to slavery have brought upon the country all the 
ART. 3. Congress shall have power to abolish sla- 
difficulties by which the Government is embar- 
very Within the District of Coltnnbia, so long as it exists in I rassed; and it is folly to strive for lasting harmony 
then, will be found in executing the Constitution 
as it is, and enforcing the laws of the General Gov- 
ernment. I have no sympathy with any man who 
repudiates the Constitution of our common coun- 
try, whether he resides north or south. By that 
Constitution I abide, both in its letter and in its 
spirit. Standing firmly upon tbc principles of free- 
dom and the Constitution, we shali have no cause 
for self-reproach, even if civil war should follow. 
Mr. Speaker, let the same spirit animate us 
which was so nobly expressed by Henry Clay in 
the Senate of the United States, in 1850, when, as 
now, agitators threatened tho peace of the Union: 
Now, Mr. President, I stand here in my place, rneaning 
to be unawed by any threats, whether they eotne from 
(livi*uals or fro:n States. 1 should deplore, as Inuch as any 
authority of thc Union, either by individuals ar by States. 
