1861. 
But, after all that has occurred, if any one State, or a por- 
tion of the people of any State, choose to placethemselves 
in military array aoainst of the Union, I 
am for trying the strength of the Government. I am tor 
ascertaining whether we have got a Government or -not— 
practical, efficient, capable of maintaining its authority, 
and of upholding the powers and interests which belong to 
a Government. Nor, sir, am to be alarmed or dissuaded 
from any such course by intimations of the spilling of blood. 
If blood is to be spilt, by whose fault is it to be Spilt? Upon 
the supposition, maintain it will be by the fault of those 
who choose to raise the standard of disunion, and endeavor 
to prostrate this Government ; and, Sir, when that is doene, 
so long as it pleases God to give me a Voice to express uiy 
sentiments, or an arm, weak and enfeebled as it may be by 
age, that voice and that arm will be on the side of my Coun- 
try, for the support of the general authority, and för the 
maintenance of the powers of this Union." 
The State which I have the honor in part to 
represent, has made known her sentiments on 
this subject too clearly and too distinctly to be 
misunderstood. The Legislature of that State, 
on the 25th day of January last, by a vote of 117 
to 2 in the Assembly, and with but one dissent- 
ing vote in the Senate, adopted the following pre- 
amble and resolutions: 
W hereas the insurgent State of South Carolina, after 
seizing the post oftice, custom-house, moneys, and fortifi- 
cations of' the Federal Government, has, by firing into a 
vessel ordered by the Government to carry troops and pro- 
visions to Fort Sumter,virtually declared war ; and whereas 
the forts and property of thc United States Government in 
Georgia, Alabama, and Louisiana have been unlawfully 
seized Witb hostile intention ; and whereas, further, Sena- 
tors in Congress avow and maintain their treasonable acts : 
Thereföre, 
Resolved, (if the Senate concur,) 'I'hat the Legislature 
of New York, profoundly irnpressed With the value of the 
Union, and determined to preserve it unimpaired, hail with 
joy the recent firm, dignified, and patriotic special message 
of the President of the United States, and that we tender 
to him, through the chief magistrate of our own State, 
whatever aid in men and money he may require, to enable 
him to enforce the laws and to uphold the authority of the, 
Federal Government; and that, In defei'se of the mere 
perft:e.t Union,' which has prosperity and happi- 
ness upon tho American people, renewing the pledge given 
aild redeemed by our fathers, we are ready to devote our 
förtunes, our lives, and our sacred honor, in uphoiding the 
Resolved, (ifthe Senate concur,) That the Union-lovin& 
Representatives and citizens of' Delaware, Maryland, Vir- 
ginia, North (.',arolina, Kentucky, Missouri, and 'i'ennessee, 
who labor with devoted courage and patriotism to withhold 
their States from the vortex of secession, are entitled to the 
gratitude and admiration of the whole people." 
The people of New York have given too many 
evidences of their intelligence, patriotism, and 
love of freedom, to leave a doubt of their ability 
to ascertain their rights, and their fixed and un- 
alterable purpose to resist, at all hazards and to 
the last extremity, any and all attempts to over- 
throw the Government, let them come from what 
quarter they may. They will maintain their rights 
as guarantied to them by the Constitution of the 
United States; and in so doing they will neither 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
981* 
disarmed to arm the disloyal South; and the 
be ultraists nor disunionists; but, on the contrary, I 
they will be defending the Constitution, and con-A Treasury was depleted to rob the Government 
sequentiy defending the Union. They have stood .itself of the means of defense. The preparations 
by the Constitution and the Union in the darkest for secession, rebellion, and treason, were effect- 
days of our history without flinching. New l! ively made, and nownere more effectively than in 
the Executive Departments at this capital. State 
York, I repeat, will stand by the Constitution as 
our fathers made it; and her peoplo will stand by 
the Union as they would stand by their own 
hearthstones, and die in its defense. 
Mr.WALTON. Mr. Speaker, the events ofthe 
last ninety days show that the Federal government 
is still an experiment, and perhaps as doubtful now 
as it was when Washington declared, in his first 
inaugural address, that " the preservation of the 
sacred fire of liberty, and the destiny of the repub- 
lican model of government, are justly considered 
as deeply, perhaps as finally, staked on the ex- 
pcriment intrusted to the hands of the American 
It has successfully resisted all assaults 
people." 
from without, and stimulated within a growth of 
civilization, material wealth, and moral power 
unparalleled in any nation or age of the world. It 
and its productive power by more than ten times 
ten; it has extended its domain from ocean to 
ocean, and brought the scept.er of commercial su- 
premacy •writhin its grasp; and for the freedom of 
Its people, the novelty of its political machinery, 
and the brilliancy of its results, it has commanded 
while at peace with all abroad, and, but for the 
wretched, and we may hope temporary, conse- 
quences of maladministration of the Government, 
prosperous at home, we are threatened with an 
Instant and utter failure of the experiment which 
Washington inaueurated, and with the instant 
and utter wreck of thc empire which hc founded. 
must and will bé -held fesponSibléföi thitshåll 
It is national death; it is death to our power, se- 
here, be drones and dll'that fifidoné. 
curity and grandeur; it is death to our national 
What shall we dB? Whåt shall Féfuse 
name and fame; and a million deaths, it may be, 
do ? - The a-nswer must depehd upon thé• neeéssi- 
through anarchy and civil war. 
ties of the case and the extent Of, oint powers'; 
For more than a quarter of a century, South 
we must do only what we have Ohe right-t16?dö, 
Carolina has deliberately and persistently aimed 
and what is expedienttobe dOné. Si*StatesYha-y.e 
at the destruction of the Union; and this desigri 
declared that they are no fthe jut'i*sg 
was not more monstrous in iniquity than- it has 
diction of this •Gövérnment; Ei SéVénth Withü 
been masterly in execution. The great, states- 
drawn from the Union: Conditiotiåll•y, and' öt%iere 
man who first conceived-it saw the end-from the 
remain conditionally. •Six 
beginning, shaped the means to the end; and so 
bled in conventioi tö form: •a néw 
sacraciously shaped them that the very virtues of 
ahd the address of its •preSidihg• offcu- 
the people, and thatpatriotism which he offended, 
the position they cOntémPlate. • Säid hei 
have been madc instruments for his woÉk. By 
We meet as repfesentatives of soveréign-ahd' lihdepunä: 
thc assertion of new and strange pro-slaveiy prin- 
ent StateS, which, by,tiieit ,sölemn- diS- 
ciples, at first repulsed by everybody, but ulti- 
solved-all the :political associations wiiiehl connected -them 
mately carried out, in a large degree, by the annex- 
with the. Government ofthe United States. a fixed 
ation of .Texas, the Mexican war, the fugitive 
and irrevocab)e fåct that the separation isperfect, complete, 
slave law of 1850, the Kansas and Nebraska act 
and perpetlial ; and •a great düty is now 'impö*ed on us to' 
provide a government for oin• fütihe pr0tee- 
of 1854, the rcpudiation of the Missouri compro- 
tion. We cän and should extend siÉterStates, •ina 
mise, and the raid upon Kansas; by pro-slavery 
our *ate sister States who are identified-with-us 
agitation and pro-slavcry acts—the South was 
and institutions, a cordial tö-uhite in 
common deStiny, and be desirous; at thé, 'same 'time; -of 
seduced on the one hand, and the North repelled 
maintaining with our late confederates friendly reläüone,' 
on the other, until all the old national,parties '.vere 
political and commercial." 
demolished, and the North and the South politi- 
It. becomes us first to inquiren whéthei• these 
cally divided by a sectional line. The Whig party 
States are really Out of the Union or init. If•they 
in the South was blotted out in 1852; the Demo- 
are out, out duties are plain. We aye at once to 
cratic party of the North was divided, and the 
put thérn on the footing of foreign nations, and 
Whig party of the North blotted out i.n 1856; the 
will say, of the most favöred föreign nations; for 
Democratic party of the North was deliberately 
neither passion nor prejudice shall evere*tinguish 
assassinated by its southern allies in the spring 
the generous sympathies and charities due to Chil- 
of 1860; and thus was secured the -fore-ordained 
dren of a common ancestry. If they are out of 
triumph of the Republican party in November 
the Union, by a separation that is perfect, écirn= 
last. A y, foreordained, prayed for, labdred for, 
plete, and perpetual then are we absolved from 
waited for, alid rejoiced at by the plotters of dis- 
all obligations due' to them as members of the 
union, and by none more heartily and sincerely. 
Union—to protect them against foreign invasion 
The clcction of Abraham Lincoln was not the 
and domestic insurrection and rebellion; and to 
reason, but the occasion, for disunion; and the 
respect and defend their rights as States, and the.' 
occasion was instantly and impatiently improved 
rights and interests of their inhabita-nts.'aS citizenS 
by ordinances of secession. 
of the Uni'ted States. Our political, commercial; 
The Government here had ample warnings of 
postal, and other laws, have no validity there; 
the designs of the conspirators; and but for the 
our courts, and custom-houSes, end' post anilahd• 
neglect ofthe Executive, the secessions ofthis day 
offices to be closed, the mails susp.ended; ahd 
might havc been as harmless as were the nullifi- 
our and their commerce put upon an entirely dif- 
cation of South Carolina irr 1832, and her seces- 
ferent footing. We assume new powers as to 
Sion in 1852. The President was warned by 
them—the t-+eaty-mäking power and powers of 
avowals of the sccessionists; and as early as Oc- 
peace and war-. To be sure, it has been argued 
tober last he was specially warned, by the highest 
again and again that we have no power to make 
offcer of the Government in military rank, and 
war upon a seceding State; but nobody-will deny 
the. peer of the. highest in the world in military 
our power to make war upon a foreign State; and. 
reputation, of the dangers to which the country 
it behooves all concerned to remember that there 
was exposed, and of the remedy within his reach. 
is not a kingdom in the world agailist, which we 
Warnings were neglected, treason lurked in the 
ever had, or ever can have, strorwer or' more 
Cabinet, under the very eye of the President, and 
grievous causes of war than with this extempore 
reveled through the Executive Departments. The 
kingdom of cotton. The seizures of forts, arse- 
I Army was dispersed in distant Territories, and 
nal*, magazines, and other property of the United 
the Navy in distant seas; the loyal North was 
States, by armed men, under the authority of the 
seceding States, were overt acts of iVar. The sur- 
veillance by arms over the navigation of the Mis- 
sissippi, and the robbery of the national Treasury 
by Louisiana, are outrages upori our national 
rights for which instant atonement- would be 
manded from any other nation, backed, if need 
be, by thousand cannon and a million bayonets. 
But, sir, I vv'ill not contemplate the picture or 
the prospect of actual war, nor even the prospect' 
of two lincs of standing armies and threatening 
forts in' two confederacies, stretching one thousand 
or three thousand miles, from the Atlantic to the 
Mississippi, or from thc Atlantic to the Pacific. 
I will only add, that if the seceding States are 
really out of the Union, we have new dl'ld urgent 
duties upon our hands, in the settlement of new, 
diflicult, and all-important questions. The pub- 
lic debt, the public lands, the public buildings, the 
national ships, the national obligations growing 
out of public treaties—such, for instance, as those 
touching the slave trade—the claims of States and 
citizens of the United States upon the Govern- 
ment—all these topics present questions of the 
gravest import. The navigation of the Missis- 
sippi, and the control of the Gulf of Mexico, is 
another matter that will permit no delay'. And 
then hov.,' will you settle wit.h the seceding'Staies, 
including an item of spent for the 
purchase and defense of territory nöw occupied 
by them? Sir, if these States are out of the Union, 
let us turn our attention to these questions. There 
are none o•raver, none more urgent. If these 
States are not out of the Union, then the old ob- 
I thc House. All that is changed. In this House, i ligations and powers remain upon us—all of them 
in full force, all of them unimpaired. Those ob- 
ligations we are to discharge, and those powers 
after State has seceded; our forts, arsenals, macr- 
azines, hospitals, post offces, custom-houses, 
mints, and money I'lave been seized; the Consti- 
tution and laws of the United States have been 
violated; and the, power of tho nation defied. The 
President has notified us of the events in Inessaffe 
after message. I think (he tells us) all this is 
very wrongin the southern people, and the north- 
ern people are very much to be blamed for it. 
regret it; I cannot help it; I am impotent. 
The Greeks are strong, and skillful to their strength ; 
Fierce to their skill, and to their fierceness vaiiant ; 
But I am weaker than a wmnan's tear ; 
fbndcr than ignorance ; 
'I'mner than sleep ; 
Less valiant than t,hc virt'ili in the night; 
And Skillcss as unpractic'd infancy." 
The President has failed to use the means that 
were in his power to defend the Government. Per- 
haps it oucrht to be said that he has been deceived 
and paralyzed by the infidelit.y of his advisers; 
but, in anv event, he has cast himself upon Con- 
gress. Tli[herward the eyes of thirty million peo- 
ple are turned, and here the hopes of all the loyal 
and the patriotic are centered. True it is that 
here, until a very recent date, they looked and 
hoped in vain. Congress v;as as powerless as the 
Executive. Here, töo, was disloyalty to the Fed* 
and no set of 
eral Government; here, no tneu, 
men, able to control the action of the Senate and 
at least, the Representatives of the Reptiblican 
il party cornmalld a majority in numbers; and they 
