982 
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 16, 
we are to exercise, just so far as 
of the case will, admit. 
I ask, then, are the se- 
ceding States out of the Uniön ? 
I do not intend to discuss the rightof secession 
which has been so largely argued 
in this debate; in my judgment, the matter 
is completely settled by .tfie Constitution itself. 
There no power, express or implied,:conferred 
by the Constitution, upon any department of this 
Government, to perform the last, the all-essential , 
and the crowniog agt- of successful secession or 
revolution; that is, the recognition of the inde- 
pendence Of a seceding or. revolutionized State. 
States may secede in fact; they may form inde- 
pendent governments, and receive the recognition 
of the- world; they may resist, and successfully 
resist this Government; and yet this Government 
has notthé constitutional power to their 
independence, nor a constitutional right to treat 
them as Independent States. The Constitution 
was designed not only as a " perfect Union; it 
was designed also -for postcrity," and therefore 
as a perpetual Union. Section ten of article one 
is, throughout, a prohibition of secession, because 
it is a prohibition to every State of powers essen- 
tial to an independent nation. The abrogation of 
the Constitution and laws of the United States is 
rebellion, and resistance to them by force is trea- 
son. A persistence, however long, is but con- 
tinued rebellion and treason. So far, then, as this 
Government is concerned, until the new' power of 
recognizing the independence of a rebellious State 
shall have been constitutionally conferred, we are 
to refuse such a recognition; to refuse to recognize 
the agents of seceding or •rebellious States; to re- 
fåse to enter into a settlement of any of those 
grave questions to which I have already alluded; 
and, to the best of our judgment and ability, we 
are to maintain the sovereignty of the United 
States, to execute the. laws, and bring back the 
rebellious States to their allegiance to the Consti- 
tution, and to their late and madly lost estate of 
liberty, security, prosperity, and peace. 
I confess that I have thought it will bé a hard 
necessity, for the want of constitutional power to 
acknowledge the independence ofa seceding State, 
to endure a protracted period of anarchy or the 
horrors of civil war. . Perhaps it will be a neces- 
sity too hard to be borne, imperative enough to 
warrant an assumption of undelegated power, as 
in the. instance of the acquirement of .that very 
Territory which is now the theater of this griev- 
ous discontent. But we are not yet warranted to 
make an assumption 
like that. The necessity 
may come; it has not yct come. In spite of the 
confident declaration of the ex-Secretary of the 
Treasury, I must deny that the seceding States arc 
yet out of the Union, and stillindulge the hope that 
equaliy confident estimates from the same quarter, 
is altogether too illusive to ',varrant any assump- 
•tion of undelegated power. 
In instance yet 
has the ordinance of secession become the act of 
stitutions of their own States, and of the Uuiled 
States, they-are not out of the Union yet. By the 
patriotism and prudence of their people, on a calm 
review of these revolutionary proceedings, and 
the sad resülts already suffered; by their regular 
constitutional action, let us hope that these 
States ,will yet be declared to be within the Union, 
redeemed from the usurped power of aspiring' 
demagogues, and purified from their polluting 
touch. Surely, we may refuse to acknowledge 
the -independence of States which have not yet 
seceded. At least, until of the seced- 
ing States have ratified or acquiesced in the rev- 
olution that -has been attempted, we cannot rec- 
ognize their independence. 
Conciliation, compromise, concessions—for 
more than sixty days these have been pressed 
upon us, powerfully and persistently; pressed 
upon us from without by timid and mistaken 
friends and bold and avowed enemies; pressed 
upon us by the first not more to preserve the 
Union, than by the last to annul the late verdict 
of the country and destroy the Republican party; 
but x.vorse than these, pressed upon us for tem- 
porary peace, or a temporary policy, at the ex- 
pense of principles which never can be surren- 
dered; pressed upon us to keep the cotton States 
within the Union, at the risk of driving the north- 
ern States out of it; pressed for the conciliation 
of rebels who will not be conciliated, at the risk 
of disaffecting the loyal, who will not be degraded. 
I know there are men among them who are actu- 
ated by nobler motives than some of these, and 
who do' not contemplate consequences such as 
these. 
know there are good men here, generous, 
pure, and patriotic men, of almost every section 
and of every party, who are actuated by the best 
of motives, and have appealed, to us with ali the. 
charms of eloquence, enforced by the claims of 
fraternal affection and the fears of fatal results. 
Alas! that these have been so few; alas! that 
among the Representatives of fifteen States, the 
instances have been so rare that each deserves a 
monument more lasting than marble. And each 
will have it, in the mernories of all good men. 
They say he is a very man per se, 
And stands alone. ' 
Conciliation, forbearance, kindness! Yes, Mr. 
Speaker, I will accord all these, even to rebels in 
arms. Christianity demands it; 
humanity de- 
mands it; 
the ties of blood and the bonds of a 
common nationality demand it; and I would prove 
to a wondering world that my country, above all I 
stances, we apply to members of the domestic 
family. The rebellious State• are but maniacs of 
a larger size. 
Jt is ours to put tbcsc noaniacs in 
a straiaht-jacket; kindly, gently b as we would a 
revered mother or a darling child ; to protect them 
from harming th('lmselves, as well as from harm- 
ino• us; to administer unpleasant medicines, per- 
haps„b.ut, nevertheless, very necessary-and very 
salutary; to nurse them into health and sanity, 
gently, faithfully, unremittingly; and, 
(God willino•,) through patience and long-suffer- 
ing, welcome them back, restored and in their right 
mind, with renewed affections and mutual joy. 
How madly are the seceding States crushing iheir 
own people; how madly crushing the rnerchantg 
of the North, who havc confided in them; how 
madly would they crush the entire country i? 
they could! The disease is, indeed, madness, 
and it indicates its own remedy. 
Concessions, compromises:• a few words on this 
topic. It has had a prominence beyond all others 
here, and, perhaps, throughout the country. There 
are compromises that cannot be made under any 
circumstances, on any conditions, at any price. 
You cannot compromise the consciences of the 
people, or of any considerable portion of the peo- 
ple; you cannot compromise their earnest and 
honest convictions; you cannot compromisc their 
will. The people are greater than Congress, than 
conventions, than States, than ail the States com- 
bined in our Federal system. We may propose; 
they will dispose. We may attempt to traffc in 
their names; they will take care of our bargains, 
and, if need be, take carc of us. We cannot 
compromise liberty; it is above price. We can- 
not compromise rights, justice, honor; these are 
not merchantable. Cotton and calico, shoes and 
sugar, wheat and woolens, can be sold or ex- 
changed; we can make bargains about them: but 
we can never bargain away the rights of the indi- 
viduals who produce them. Those rights are to 
be respected and protected; and the only bargain 
to be made a-bout them must be complete and 
mutual, the act of all the parties, and binding 
upon all; a mutual encrwement of each to re- 
spect and protect the rights of the other. 
There are various conditions absolutely essen- 
tial to such a compromise. The parties must be 
present, in person or by representatives; they 
must stand on an equal footing and with equal 
powers; they must act voluntarily and freely upon 
their own judgrnents, unswerved by passion, and 
unawed by threats; and their act there 
must be equivalents to sanctify it by justice to ail 
others, responds to such demands as these. Our the parties. Such a compromise—volnntary, Inu- 
Governinent is based, more directly than any I tual, complete, and just 
—will be ratified and re- 
other, upon the affections and the will of the peo- 
spected, or enforced. It will stand against a 
ple, and it must bc more lenient than any other assaults of sectional interests, political insanity, 
to the mistakes and the offenses of the people. 
and armed rebellion, I Will n.ot say that the peo- 
We must appeal from the people mad to the people plc I represent will reject a cono promise like that. 
sane; •we must bear and forbear. As our Gov- They will voluntarily do anything that, in their 
ern tnent originated, so must it be maintained, by judgment, is right and necessary to be done; they 
the voluntary and unrestrained will of the people. will never be forced to do anything that is wron•. 
a State, or bccn reco«rnized by the sovereign power If it cannot be so maintained, then is our system I will not sav that. such a compromise is impos- 
of a State—I mean the people. The ordinances 
i radically wrong, and destined to certain failure. 
sible; butl do' believe that it is utteriy impossible 
have been adopted by conventions, elected in the Had Ireland rebelled against Great Britain, as I now. I t is a work of tirue•, it Will demand exam- 
fever of an excitement stimulated by false repre- 
seven Slates have ,rebelléd against•- the Federal ! ination, deliberation, debate, with all,patience and 
sentations; hastily elected, without mature delib- Government 
—had the rebels seized the port and wisdom. We are not prepared for the work, and 
eration, and without a full vote of the people. 
castle of Dublin, as our ports and forts have been the country is not prepared for it. Present events 
The constitutions of South Carolina and Florida seized 
—there is no Inan herc who wilt for u mo- may be preparatory, and possibly the best prop- 
provide that— 
ment doubt the course the British Government aration. 
If existing dangers shali not be averted, 
No convention of the people shall be called, unless by would have adopted. In three days a fleet would they will indicate the necessity and the gravity of 
have been in the port of Dublin; wit.hin an hour 
the work. These dangers warn us, and warn the 
representation. 
the rebels would have been summoned to sarren- States and the people to work wisely, as those 
And I arn not aware that this provision lias been dcr, and, within twelve hours, the city would who are responsible for a nation 's 
complied with in either State. Be that as it may, have submitted or been burnt to the ground. Her 
not hast- 
ily, not rashly, not cowardly. 
I find that in none of the other States are conven- 
remedy would have becn force, as it was, within 
Such a compromise is impossible now, because 
tions authorized at all by their constitutions; and 
the rememberance of us all, in the last rebellion the necessary conditions are all wantino—every 
in all the seceding States I find that their consti- 
ill Canada; and the most destructive and unspar- 
one is wanting. The parties are not here. For 
tutions can. be amended only by enactinents of ing force, as it was within this very city on the more than six-ty days a committee of this House 
two Legislatures in succession, with from three 
very spot on whicll this building stands. 
It is 
has been hunting up grievances and concocting 
to six months' notice previous to the election of our duty to present a nobler example. 
It is ours compromises; and wifh the knowlcdcre of that 
the second Lngislature; or by enactment of the 
to vim-licate the superiority of republican crovern- 
fact, and in spite of it, State after State has eeled 
Legislature, three to six months' publication, and f ernment; the superiority of justice over force; of ± into the march of secession and rebellion; 
a ratification by the people. Yet these conven- humanity over cruelty. It is ours to preserve, Representativeshave withdrawn from the comn:it- 
tions, which ordained secession and abrogated thc and not to destroy; to heal, and not to kill. 'The ! tee and from the Capitol, and Congress has been 
of the United States, did also abrogate in task may be difficult; but we have no right to say stripped, by their act, of the power to redress their 
that it is impossible. 
It may be that we shall ! grievances. With their votes, any conmressional 
Thus, the revolution is twofold; 
it is a revolu- 
but if we fäil in such an endeavor, our sys- 
lion in the States aoainst their constitutions, and tern of government is itself a failure, 
act could now be carried throucrh both Houses, 
over every Republicar) in either branch ; 
a revolution in the United States, and against Bul I - trust we cannot fail; I trust there is for 
and, iVith 
their allegiance to the Federal Constitution. It is 
the aid of Representatives from the 
us no such word as fail. The members in that States and the commercial cities ofthe North, t 
double-distilled rebellion, and in no St.ate has it family of States which compose this nation need might now carry, by a two-thirds vote. 
been ratified by a vote of the people. By the con- no other remedy than that which, in like circum- propositions for amendments to tlte Constitution, 
