THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
1861. 
983 
As the Senate andÆ-Iouse now stand, a two-thirds patriotic or wise; by no decree of partisans, such I new-Governrnentmustgrappleviththemall„wich 
brave and loyal hearts, though it be withunprag. 
vote cannot be had for any propositions broad 
enough to settle the questions in dispute. If the 
present projects fail, as-I believe they will, they 
will fail because the very States you would con- 
ciliate have willfully and contemptuously closed 
the doorpgainstconcessions. Agam: the contract- 
ing parties to a compromise cannot stand here 
with equal powers, because the seceding States 
are not represented here at all; and the Represent- 
atives of the remaining Statcs cannot freely act, 
because they are forced to act under a more than 
half-executed threat of disunion and war, if they 
do not surrender, without a single 'condition to 
save either their honor or their rights. The dis- 
affected States that still remain stand in a posi- 
tion hardly less repulsive. I know they have loyal 
men here, as true at heart as the truest, and as 
good as Ehe best. 'I'hcy do not threaten, but plead; 
they have no malice, but overflow with fraternal 
affection: they have no passion but a passionate 
love for the Union; and yet their affectionate and 
passionate plea is, compromise or secession. Not 
that they will secede if they can help it, but that 
as we are, selected for other purposes, and over- 
burdened with other duties; and by no snap-judg- 
ment of the popular will, inflamed by all the 
passions of party, maddened by the crimes, and 
distressed by the consequences of rebellion and 
treason. No, sir; no. This is not the time or 
the mode to settle a question for all time. There 
is a_ better; it is constitutional; it is feasible; it 
may possibly be accepted with unanimity by all 
parties Aid by all theStates; it isaremedy within 
the reaqh of the States: let the States consider it. 
It is a convention called under all the provisions 
and bound by all the restrictions of artiCle five of 
the Constitution, and with ample power to report 
a revised Constitution or amendments; and even, 
if need be, to submil an ordinance for the. separa- 
tion of the Union, and the construction of new' 
It willgive time—the best medi- 
confederacies, 
cine for these diseases of the body-politic; -it will 
give opportunity for the redress of all grievances, 
nort}lern or southern ; and it will give to the seced- 
ing the only mode of relieving their present 
position without mortification or dishonor. 
would leave it to the States, followinff the honor- 
their States will secede. The ultimatum of the se- 
ceders was, submission or disunion. In effect, the i able lead of Kentucky, to call for a tribunal; 
propositions are identical, however wide may be and I would leave all matters in dispute, all com- 
the difference in the spirit of those who propose promises, all contingencies, to that tribunal, and 
them. Practically, they are one; and it is the to the final judgment of thc people or the States. 
your nu)ney or your We have other and pressing duties; and first, 
highwayman 's demand— 
Itæ will jéed infinite'wiSdom; may 
ticed hands. 
God give it! It' will need extraordinary.powers 
and remedies; these it: ib for, us to give. Herein 
is ou•r duty: to preserve ito 
pamper. rebellion against it; •to preserve its dig- 
nity and- authority, •not- to. bring 
tempt; to maintain .the- Constitution - unimpaired' 
not to disfigure it with hasty patch-work; toaæve•, 
if it be possible, the peace. of the. country, not-to. 
plunge it into war; to ,.save the bdsinesgofÄthe. 
country, and secure the regular •pursuits of' agri- 
culturgv, manufacture, and commerce, not to-,blGt. 
them all by anarchy; and to preserve (God„.w-iil- 
ing) the. Union of the States from dissolution a.hd 
disgrace, not to trifle with it, as it has been trifled 
with by timid counsels and offcial treachery. I 
dare not say that all this can be done; but sure. I 
am that it is the duty of the Government, and the 
Government, to try. The trial must be mäde,and 
it should be made; by mo'deration tö the Q'ffend' 
ing States, using none of our great powere un- 
necessarily for the injury of any of them, but 
rather for their protection and benefit; by forbear- 
ance, until forbearance ceases to be a virtue; by 
firmness in the execution of the Constitution and 
require; and, amid all. the dangei•s that surround, 
by ever aiming to be right—always right—though 
to preserve this capital, the archives of the Gov- 
Now, sir, were all the other conditions of an ernment-, and all the public property. Nyot that star after star madly 'shoots from the firmament, 
I regard it as indispensable to retain this District and the glorious Federal constellation dissolves 
effective compromise complied with; were the par- 
in eternal night. 
ties here and agreed, as they are not; were the ! as the capital or the province ofa northern con- 
propositions complete in equivalents, and perfect federacy, in the event of a separation of twe free 
in justice, as they are not, yet I would not dare and slave States. Were Maryland to go, with 
to accept them under a threat. Who threaten? I Annapolis hallowed by a material event in the life 
Not one third of the freemen of the nation, and i of Washington, and Virginia with his tomb, I 
not one half of the States. Who are threatened? could surrender even the city that bears his name. 
T wro thirds of the people, a majority of the States, The people of the North will forever remember 
and the Federal Government, which represents and revere him without a monument; at least 
It is a submission of the majority to without one ofthese,which shall thenceforth mark 
the whole. 
not so much his fame as the eternal shame of 
the minority; and that is a subversion of the dern- 
those who have been recreant to his teachings, 
It is a submis- 
ocrat.ic principle of Government. 
Sion of the Government to rebellion; and that is and the destroyers of his work. 
This capital must be preserved; not so much 
demoralization and degradation of the Govern- 
It is more: it is licensed rebellion for all for the sake of public and private property to the 
future time. It is a proclamation to the world Of amount of many millions, as for the rights of 
the perpetual insecurity of the Government and every State, and the interests of all the people. 
the Union; insecurity of public credit; insecurity Dissolve this Union into two or twentv confede- 
racies, and yet there shall not be one that can 
of treaty obligations; insecurity of peace; inse- 
curit,y of commerce; insecurity of the States and ! afford to lose this capital. rt- is much to say that 
the people, and insecurity of all their vast and I herc are records essential to every State—of its 
varied interests. It is a total fäilure in the first history, its services, its glory; but it is more to 
say that hcrc are the records of its rights and ob- 
obiecl of ali Government, to wit: security to the 
governed. It a total failure of the Arnerican ex- ligations. The State Department, with its records 
perimcnt. For one, I will refuse it, and risk the of' all our national rights and obligations; the 
It is more dangerous to Treasury Department, with its records of com- 
consequences of refusal. 
merce and navigation, of revenue and expendi- 
surrender to rebellion than to resist it. 
A compromise under such circumstances, and ture, of the national debt, which somebody has 
I trust the grand experiment is not to bo a fail- 
ure; I trust yet in the solid common sense of the 
people; to the instinct of self-preservation, yet to 
be aroused by the cönsequences of secession and 
anarchy; I trust yet to the patriotism Of the peo- 
ple; but, above all, in an overruling and omnipo- 
Hc hath so bountifully blest, to bring peace and 
order out of content.ion and confusion; and to 
make this nation for centuries to come, as it has 
been for almost a century that has passed, theno- 
blest example of libcrty and order, and the re- 
publican model of goverment" for all nations and 
people. 
And then, on motion of Mr. HUTCHINS, (at 
nine o'clock and thirty-five minutes, p. m. , ) the 
House adjourned till Monday next. 
IN SENATE, 
MONDAY, February 18, 1861. 
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. GURLEY. 
The Journal of Saturday last was read and 
WILLIAM 11. DE GROOT. 
Mr. BRAGG. The Committee on Claims, to 
with such possible consequences, is a work to be got to pay, of debts which have been' and of whom was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 
Indeed, the proofs of claims of citizens of every State and Ter- 
49) to repeal the joint resolution approved June 
refused by the present Congress. 
day for congressional compromises is past. We ritorywhich ought to be, paid ; the War and Navy 
15, 1860, for the relief of William H. De Groot, 
have learned, by sad experience, that they are Departments, with all the records of the services 
have directed me to report it back with the recom- 
neither binding nor irrepeaiable, and are forced of States, and citizens of every State, and of ex- 
mendation that it do pass. At the request of Sen- 
to resort to constitutional and permanent guaran- penditures in all past time, for every State and 
ators on the other side, I ask that it be put on its 
If it be admitted that Congress has the Territory; the Post Office Department, with all I 
passage now. 
power to initiate these, it must also be admitted its -records, which will beas essential in the future 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no 0b- 
that Congress and the States are not now in a administration of the postal service as the pres- 
proper condition for the work. The States and ent, however numerous may be confederacies jection, the Secretary will read the joint resolu- 
MI'. KING. I am disposed to make a point o? 
the people are in no temper to wrarrant expecta- 
with its Patent, Land, and Pension Offces—its 
no temper They will not bureaus of Indian Affairs and of Agriculture—its order about this, so as to have some understand- 
tions of submission either on the one side or the 
and cannot deliberate under mutual threats, and records and proofs of the generous cessions of ing in regard to the order of business. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator 0b- 
mutual outrages, perhaps, and in the reion Of public lands by the old thirteen States—its records 
and proofs of land titles in all the land States and jects, it must go over. 
Mr. KING. Ido not object;but 1 a point 
anarchy and violence. H (unan nature itself is 
Territories—and its records ofpatents, of the cen- 
SVashington, has taught the lesson of the sus, and of the public buildings: all these must of order that petitions and reports from commit- 
ao•ainst it. 
day in that address from which I have already be. preserved at any hazard and at anv cost. 'I' he 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani- 
seceding States cannot afford their destruction or 
Inutilation; the remaining States cannot afnm•d it; mous consent to act on the joint resolution now. 
quoted. Let us reverently listen to it: 
If there be one objection, it cannot be considered 
Ilavinz thus imparte(l to yon my sentiments as they 
the people cannot afford it; for in any event— 
to-day. 
have been awakened by the occasion which brings us to- 
gether. shali take my present leave, but not wiihout re- I Union or disunion—these are the strongest bonds 
'nore to the benign parent Of the race of justice and peace; and the Administration that Mr. BRAGG. i hope the Senator Will not 
favor people with opportunities for not defend and them, will be treach- II object. 
'I'his joint resolution ought to. pass. 
in perfect tranquillity, and for deciding i the sacred rights of all the States and all Mr. KING. 1 will not object to this resolution 
here, with buc wish to make a point as to the order ih which 
wilti unparalleled unanirnity, on a fortn of government for 
the security of their Union, and the advancement of their 
Next, we must have Government 
we shall procced with our business. •My opinion 
. , the teiuperate consultations, and the will, the power, and the means to assert ali 
happiness, so divine blessing tnay be equaiiy eonspieu- 
is, that the rule as it is requires that petitions 
its constitutional riff hts and discharge all ilS duties, 
ous in the enlarged vie.hv* 
in the complications of shall first be called for, and then reports from 
thc wise on xvhicii the success of this oovern- 
Inent tnay depend. 
and foreio•n questions in which it is now involved. 
it be revised or amendei. By no of WiK.ll such four months ago, these amendment to the rules, unless that be the con- 
thirty-three gentlemen of this House, however conu')licaticns would have becn prevented. The struction. 
