1861. 
adelphia, praying the adoption of the compromise 
measures proposed by Hon. Mr. CRITTENDEN', 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. HALE. I have in my hand a memorial 
from Lewis Warrington, paymaster in the Uni- 
ted States Navy, who represents that he was at 
Pensacola when the public property was seized, 
and that his vouchers were taken from him; and 
he asks relief. I move that the memorial be 
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. 
The motion was agreed to. 
Mr. SUMNER. i presenta memorial of citi- 
zens and voters of the town of Hopkinton, Mas- 
sachusetts, on the State of the country. This 
memorial-is signéd by comparatively few persons, 
but it speaks the true and prevailing sentimentof 
Massachusetts. Three things in it are declared. 
First, that slavery is repugnant to the principles 
of the founders of our Constitution; secondly, 
that it is repugnant to the genius of our Consti- 
tütion; and• thirdly, that it is repugnant to that 
righteousness that exalieth a nation; wherefore, 
these petitioners pray that Congress will not con- 
sent to any compromise by which slavery shall 
be established or extended into territory of the 
United States. Any other petitioners from Mas- 
sachusetts speak a sentiment which is alien to the 
principles of that Commonwealth. 
It is a senti- 
ment which may be found on the pavements of 
cities; for it is Only when you get off those pave- 
ments, away from the paving stones, that you 
find the true sentiment of Massachusetts. I offer 
the memorial, and ask that it lie on the table. 
It was so ordered. 
Mr. SUMNER. I present, also, a memorial 
of citizens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, remon- 
strating against the passage of any act of Con- 
gress or of any amendment to the Constitution of 
the United States, which shall extend human sor- 
vitude or give it new guarantees 
: " what our fore- 
fathers would not grant to their companions and 
fellow-sufferers in the Revolution, we hope their 
sons will not grant to the present holders of 
I ask that this pet.ition also lie on the 
slaves.' 
table. 
It was so ordered. 
Mr. SUMNER also presented a memorial of 
citizens of Philadelphia, praying Cong ress to stand 
firm for the Union, the Constitution as it is, and 
the enforcementofall the laws; which was ordered 
to lie on the table. 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Iam requested to present the 
etition of Jonathan Hudson and many others, of 
Trenton, Wayne county, Michigan, without dis- 
tinction of party, praying for the adoption of what 
I will 
is known as the Crittenden compromise. 
simply state, that these are men who do notlive on 
the pavements and are away from paving stones. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
98b 
ing for thé adoption of the compromise measure 
submitted by him; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
He also presented a petition of residents of Mor- 
gan county, Illinois, praying for the adoption of 
the compromise measures submitted by him; 
which was ordered to lie on the' table. 
He also presen ted a petition ofcitizens of Mich- 
igan, praying for the adoption of the compromise 
measure submitted by him; which was ordered 
to lie on the table. 
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of citizens 
of New London, Connecticut, praying for the 
speedy adoption of the compromise measures pro- 
posed by the Representatives of the border States; 
which wos ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of citizens 
of Westport, Connecticut, praying for the speedy 
adoption of the compromise measures proposed 
by the Representatives of the border States; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of cit- 
izens of New Jersey, in favor of the Union, the 
Constitution as it is, and the enforcement of the 
laws; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of 
Oliver Moses and others, citizens of Bath, Maine, 
praying the speedy adoption of measures of con- 
ciliation and compromise; which was 'ordered to 
lie on the table. 
He also presented a memorial of Reuel Wil- 
liams and others, citizens of Augusta, Maine, in 
favor of the speedy adoption of measures of con- 
ciliation and compromise; which was ordered to 
lie on the table. 
He also presented a petition of Elihu Libbey 
and others, citizens of SVindham, Maine, pray- 
ing that provision be madc to pay for the slaves 
in any State which may abolish slavery therein; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
He also presented a petition of George M. Free- 
man and others, citizens of York, Maine, pray- 
ing the adoption of the compromise measures 
proposed by Hon. Mr. CRITTENDEN', which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has a 
memorial or resolutions, which come under the 
same rule, as decided by the Senatc, from the city 
council of Boston, asking for the adoption of 
measures of conciliation upon the basis of the 
propositions of the Senator from Kentucky. As 
they are very short, and the desire was expressed 
in the communication that they should be read, 
they will be read to the Senate. 
The Secretary read, as folloxwrs.• 
CITY OF BOSTON, IN COMMON COUNCIL, 
February 7, 1861. 
Resolved, That the City Council of Boston, as the repre- 
sentatives of the citizens, in view of the present distracted 
I move that it lie on the table. 
state of the country, desire to express their inalienable de- 
The motion was agreed to. 
votion to tbe Union and the Constitution. 
Mr. DOUGLAS also presented the petition of I 
Resolned, That they respectfully and earnestly memorial- 
Samuel Noah, praying for a pension for services I ize the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress 
I assmnbled, that such measures ot• a pacific und conciliatory 
in the war of 1812; which was referred to the 
character Inay be im:nediately adopted as will effectually 
Committee on Pensions. 
check the spirit of disunion, and tend to consolidate the 
He also presented the petition of Lemuel Bum- fraternal bonds of our national brotherhood; and in the 
son, a pensioner, praying to be allowed a pension propositions offered in that behalf by Hon. J. J. CRITTEN- 
DEN, we recognize a satisfactory basis of adjustment. 
from the close of the war of 1812 to the time at 
Resolved, That his Honor the Mayor be, and is hereby, 
which his pension commenced; which was re- 
requested to transmit, in behalf of the City Council, a copy 
of these resolves to the President of the Senate and the 
ferred to the Committee on Pensions. 
He also presented the petition of James A. Speaker Of the House of Representatives of the United 
States, with the request that they would lay them before the 
Doane and others, citizens of Grundy county, bodies over which they respectively preside. 
Illinois, praymg for the enactment of a uniform I Passed. Sent up for concurrence. 
J. H. BRADLEY, President. 
system of bankruptcy; which was referred to the 
Committee on the .Tudiciary. 
He also presented the petition of Edward Ryan 
and others, citizens of Kane county , Illinois, pray- 
ingfor the enactment of a uniform system of bank- 
ruptcy; which was referred to the •Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
He also presented the petition of Thomas P. 
Sears and othcrs; the petition of Solomon Sturges 
and others; the petition of Henry Clark & Co. and 
others; the petition of Edwin Miller and others; 
IN BOARD OF ALDERMEN, February 11. 1861. 
Concurred. 
Approved. 
A truc copy. 
Attest; 
SILAS PIERCE; Chairman. 
February 13, 1861. 
J. M. WIGHTMAN, Mayor. 
SAMUEL F. MCCLEARY, City Clerk. 
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table. 
CREDENTIALS. 
the petition of F. V. Pitney and others; the peti- 
Mr. BA KER presen ted the credentials of Hon. 
tion of Charles Sanford and OF.hers; the petition JAMES W. NESMITII, chosen by the Legis{ature of 
of S. T. Farwell and others; the petition Of •John \ I Oregon a Senator from that State for the term of 
P. Phillips and others; the petition of M. T. 
six years, commencing on the 4th of March, 1861; 
Green and others, citizens of Chicago, Cook which were read, and ordered to be placed on file. 
county, Illinois, severally praying for the enact- 
MESSAGE FROM 110üSF,. 
ment of a uniform system of bankruptcy; which 
were refOrred to the Committee on the Judiciary. i A message from the House of Representatives, 
A bill (No. 514) for 'the relief. of Samuel PS. 
Green ; 
A bill (IVO. 625) for tie relief of.Captain Aléx- 
ander V. Fraser; 
A bill (No. 749) for the relief of Alfréd C. Mur- 
ph Eind Hiram Burlinghain•, 
X bill (No. 723). for the relief of Harris. & 
Hod±e, of Missoufri; 
A bill (No. 678) for the relief of Samuel 
Perry ; 
A bill the relief of, Stephen F. 
Willis; 
A bill (No. 624) for the relief of Hull & Coz- 
zens and John Naylor & co.; 
A bill (No. 602) granting an invalid pension to 
Henry F. Bowers; 
A bill: (NO. 598) granting a pension to Daniel 
Lucas. 
A bill (No. 597) to increase the pension of Wil- 
liam Deihl; 
A bill (No. 596) for the •relief of James Van 
Pelt; 
A bill (No. 593) for the relief of Hénry San- 
ford ; 
A bill (No 591) granting a pension to Archi- 
bald Merriman ; 
A bill (No. 590) for the relief of the children 
of William Humphrey, soldier of the Revolu- 
tion ; 
A bill (No. 586) for the relief of the legäl rep- 
resentatives of Frederick F. Brose, deceased and 
A bill (No. 311) for the- relief of Mrs. Mary 
Ann Henry. 
The message further announced that the House 
of Representatives had passed the following bills 
of the Senate: 
A bill (No. 134) for the reliefof James Smith; 
A bill (No. 225) for the relief Of Annie D. 
Reeves; 
A bill (No. 227) for the relief of Laura C, Hum- 
ber, widow of Charles H. Humber; and 
A bill (No. 543) to carry into effect the con ven- 
tions between the United States and the Repub- 
lics of New Granada and Costa Rica. 
The message further announced that the House 
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 39) for the 
relief of Simon De Visser and José Villarnbia, of 
New Orleans, with an amendment, in which the 
concurrence of the Senate was requested.' 
Also, that the House had passed the bill of the 
Senate (No. 77) for the relief of Richard Chenery, 
with an amendment, in which the concurrence of 
the Senate was requested. 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. 
HEMPHILL, from the Committee on 
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of 
Loomis L. Langdon, a lieutenant in the Army, 
praying for remuneration for baggage carried off 
by the Mexicans under Cortinas, submitted a re- 
port, accompanied bv a bill (S. No, 566) for the 
relief of Lieutenant -Loomis L. Langdon. The 
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and 
the report was ordered to be printed. 
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the Post 
Offce and Post Roads, to whom was' referred the 
bill (El. R. No. 950) in relation to the postal ser- 
vice, reported it without amendment, with a fec- 
ommendation that it do pass. 
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen- 
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No 
655) granting a pension to Prentis Champlain, 
reported it without amendment, with a. recom- 
mendation that it do pass. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 925) granting an 
invalid pension to Larkin Tally, of Tennessee, 
reported it without amendment, and adversely. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 740) granting 
increase of pension to Jane W. McKee, widovv* 
of Colonel R. McKee, of the second regiment of 
Kentucky volunteers, reported it without amend- 
ment, and adversely. 
He also, from the same committee, to whom 
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 990) for the re- 
lief of the legal representatives of Betsey Nash, 
reported it without amendment, and adversely. 
BILLS INTRODUCED. 
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous conser 
Mr. CR[TTENDEN presented a petition of by Mr. FORNEY, its Clerk, announced that the obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 567) 
William G. Bates and two hundred and sixteen House had passed the following bills, in which li donat,illff to the States of Minnesota and Otegon 
certain lands reserved by Congress for the Terri- 
others, the concurrence of thc Senate was requested: 
