988 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question 
is on •the mendment of the Senator from New 
York [Mr. SEWARD] to the amendment of the 
Senator from Rhode island, [Mr. SIMMONS.] 
The question being taken by yeas and nays, 
resulted—yeas 17, nays 20; as follows: 
YEAS—Messers. Baysird; Bragg, Clingman, Crittenden,' 
Douglas, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, King, Lane 
soil, Polk; Powell, Sebastian, Seward, and Sumner—w 
NAYS—Messrs.• -Anthony) Baker, Bigler,- Bingham, 
Foot; Foster, Harlan; Johnson. of Tennessee, SimmonS, 
TenEyck; Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20. 
So the amendment to the amendment was re- 
jected; and the question recurring on the amend- 
ment, it was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS, 1 now move to strike out 
from: section twenty-three of the printed bill— 
being the following articles: " aloes, 
amber, aniseed, assafætida, cantharides, gam- 
boge, ipecachuana, and jalap;" and to insert them 
in the nineteenth section, beinø the ten per cent. 
lis . 
he amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I next move to strike out 
from line eighty-one to eighty-four in section 
twenty—being 20 per cent. schedule—the follow- 
ing articles: 
Paper hangings, paper for screens or fireboards, paper 
antiquarian, demy, drawing, elephant, fooiscap, irnperial, 
letter, and Other paper npt otherwise providcd for." 
And insert them in the next section after line 
one hundred and forty; so that they shall pay a 
duty of 30 per centum ad •vatorem. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 next move, in section nine- 
teen, to strike out the word vermilion," in line 
one hundred and nine, where it is in the 10 per 
cent. list, and insert it in section twenty, between 
lincs one hundred and twenty-föur and one hun- 
dred and twenty-five, so that it shall pay a duty 
of 20 per cent. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. The other day we struck out 
bronze powder," in thc twenty-second line of 
the nineteenth section, on page 19, in the 10 per 
cent. schedule; now I move to insert it in the 20 
per cent. schedule, in, the twentieth section. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I now move to striké out the 
word " calomel," 
in line twenty-four of page 
30, and put it into the 20 Pér cent. schedule; it 
is now in thc 10 per cent schedule. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In line eighty-three, on 
page 32, I movc to strike out " red precipitate" 
from the 10 per cent. schedule, and insert it under 
the 20 per cent.um ad octore.m schedule. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In line eighty-nine, of page 
37, I move to strike out quicksilver," and put 
it in the 10 per cent. schedule; it is now in the 20 
per centum ad oaloron. That is a raw material 
from which many things are made. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. In the thirteenth line ofpage 
25, before the words " on the same," 
I move to 
insert the words coir yarns, I cent per pound. " 
This is an article which is made of coir—a kind of 
jute. Therc are a great many coir yarns imported, 
and we want to puta duty of I cent a pound on 
them. They are not described in the bill at all. 
Mr. POLK. That reduces the duty from 4 
cents to I cen•t, as I understand it. 
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. 
It is a different 
description of yarns. These are yarns made from 
coir. If you will road the whole sentence, you 
will see that the other yarns are yarns made from 
manilla hemp. There is a duty of 4 cents a pound 
on them; but these coir yarns are cheap yarns, 
and we propose to put a duty of I cent a pound 
on them. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I now propose a modifica- 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. 
February 18, 
mimber twelve, Dutch •standard,' by-claying, boiling, clati- 
fying, or other process, and not yet refined, 1 cent per pound; 
advanced above, number twelve, Dutch standärd, and not 
yet refined, cent per pound; on refined sugars, whether 
*oat, Iü[np, crushed, or pulverized, cents per pound ; on 
sugars, after being refined,'when they have been tinctured, 
colored, or in any way adlilterated, and on sugar candy, 5 
cents per- pound ; on confectipnary of ail kinds, not otner- 
wise provided for, 30 per centum ad valorem ; on molasses, 
4 cents per ga116n : Providbd, That all syrups of sugar, or 
Of-sugar-cane, coneentratéd molasses, or concentrated me- 
lado, entered under tbe denomination of molasses, or any 
other appellation than syrup of sugar or of sugar.cane, con- 
centrated molasSes, or concentrated melado, shall be liable 
to fo*feiture to the United States: Pio•vided, That an iti- 
spection,-under 'such regulatiöus the Secretary of the 
Treasury may prescribe, shall be made of all sugars and mo- 
lasses imported from foreign countries, in order to prevent 
frauds, and the introductiöh of sugars, syrup of sugar, syrup 
of cane, concentrated molasses, or concentrated mcladö, 
or bottling syrup, under the title of molasses, orin any other 
manner. 
And in lieu thereof to insert: 
On raw sugar, commonly called Muscovado or brown 
sugar, not advauced beyond the raw state by clayin" or other 
process; and on syrup of sugar or of sugar cane, and con- 
centrated molasSes or concentrated melado, and on white 
and clayed sugars, when advanced beyond the raw state 
by claying or other process, and not refined, cent per 
pound; on refined sugars, whetber loaf or lump, crushed or 
pulverized, 2 cents per pound ; on sugars, after béingrefined 
when they are tinctured, colored, or in any way adulterated, 
and on sucar candy, 4 cents per pound : Provided, That atl 
syrups of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated molasses or 
melado, entered under the name of molasses, or any mher 
name than syrup of sugar or of sugar cane, concentrated 
Inolasses or concentrated Inelado, shall be liable to for- 
feiture to the United States; on moiasses, 2 cents per gal- 
Ion ; on confectionary Of all kinds, not otherwise ptovided 
for, 30 per centum ad valorem.. 
Second. On coffee, cent per pound; on tea, when 
imported from any port or piaee beyond the Cape of Good 
Hope, 4 cents per pound; when imported from any port or 
place this side of the cape of Good Hope, other than in the 
cOuntry where produced, 4 cents per pound,' and ail addi- 
tion thereto of 10 per centum ad octorem ; Provided, That 
whcnever the Treasury notes and bonds of the United 
States, which have been, or shall be, issued, under the au- 
thority of any laws, or parts of laws, passed between the 
4th day of March, 1857, and the 4th day of March, 1861, 
be rcdemned and paid, the President of the United States 
is hereby authorized to make proclamation that the afore- 
said articles of tea and coffee Inay be imported into the Uni- 
ted States, exempt and free from the specific duties herein 
imposed. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should like to hear from 
the Senator from Rhode island what rates ad ta- 
lorem he supposes these duties will amount to on 
sugar, tea, and coffee. 
Mr. SIMMONS. From 15 to 17 per cent. 
The present duty on suøar is reduced somewhat; 
and I thought, though a majority of thc commit- 
tee did not, that it was necessary now to resort to 
a duty on tea and coffee to supply suffcient rev- 
enue to meet the wants of the Government. As I 
stated the oti)er day, the interest on the increase 
of the public debt that has taken place for the last 
four years, amounts to $4,000,000. I think that 
it is necessary to resort to these articles of tea 
and coffee to get money enough to pay the inter- 
est of that debt; and when the debt is paid off, I 
propose that the President of the United States 
may then admit thcm free of duty without any 
action of Congress. 
I think that the additional 
revenue provided in this amendment, over and 
above what we now collect, wiil be about $4,000,000 
annually. T hc duties arc not heavy; but my 
view is that, when articles have been accustomed 
to be imported free, there should be a very light 
duty put on at first, that the public may not be 
very much disturbed by the alteration. 
Other Senators have the same means of knowl- 
edTe that I have as to the necessity of increasing 
the revenue. We have failed togetrevenue enough 
to pay the expenscs of the Government for the 
last four years, by about $21,000,000 a year; and 
i know of no way but to resort to taxation to 
arin• it up. 
I know it is a disagreeable thing to 
impose taxes: but it is not as bad, in my judg- 
ment, as it is to keep borrowing money at extraor- 
dinary rates of interest. 
I therefore hope the 
amendment will prevail.' 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 should vote very cheerfully 
for a reduction of the duty on sugar; for, as far as 
I can ascertain by conference with those in whom 
lion of the duties in the fifth section. It is, to I trust, it is too high as it stands. 
I sliould Ije 
strike out, in line nine, in section five, all after 
the word first" to the end of the section, in the 
followino• words: 
On raw sugar, commonly called Muscovado or brown 
sugar, not advanced beyond its raw state by claying, hoil- 
ing, clarifying, or other process, I cent per pound ; on syrup 
concentrated melado, I cent per pound; on white and c*ayed 
sugars, when advanced beyond the raw state, not above 
willing to reduce it to 20 per cent, , and I think 
that would be above the rovcnue duty on sugar; 
and if this were a revenue tariff, I should not ob- 
ject to introducing tea and coffee, but regardincr it 
If*Senators would introduce a rev- 
amendment. 
enue tariff, and propose to add tea and coffee to 
the dutiable articles, it would be a proper ques- 
tion, and they might be as fair subjects of taxation 
as any others; but when you arc prohibiting to so 
large an extent other articles and fabrics, and such 
necessaries as iron, in order to protect domestic 
manufactures, and enable tliem to derive profit at 
other people's expense, Iam not Willing, m order 
to make up the deficiency thus created, -to tax tea 
and coffee. 
Mr. BIGLER. It is not my intention to vote 
for the amendment of the Senator from Rhode 
Island; but I do not mean to discuss it. 
for the purpose Of presenting the imports of 1859, 
under the present tariff, with the revenue derived 
thei•efröm; which will show Senators at once 
the relative rate of duty which is proposed to be 
charged. rl"he imports of sugar, in 1859, amounted 
to 654,226,000 pounds; on which a revenue of 
#7,313,000 was collected. 
It will be scen, there- 
fbre, that the rate exceeded 1 cent per pound. 
Instead of under the present bill, these 
imports would yield $6,542,000; so that the prop- 
osition, as originally presented in the House bill, 
would be a reduction of the duty upon suffar. It 
is now proposed to reduce it to cent per pound; 
which would still be an additional reduction. The 
Senator from Virginia, therefore, is mistaken in 
supposing that the bill, as it stands, will increase 
the duty on sugar. 
If you go back to 1857, you 
will see that the ad valorem duty amounted to 2 
cents per pound in consequence of the high price 
of sugar then. 
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to be considered by 
Senators on the opposite side of the Chamber that 
you cannot put on a specific duty without putting 
on a protective duty. Now, I suppose a specific 
duty can be putön that would not be 10 per cent. , 
just as wcll as one could be put on that Would 
amount to 30 per cent. Specific duties are in no 
other way protective than as they protect the Treas- 
ury from frauds. 
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator say that 1 
said that you could 110t put on specific duties with- 
out them protective? 
Mr. slNIM0Ns. No, sir. The Senator said 
that this was a general system of protection, in- 
stead of revenue. 
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; 1 said that. 
Mr. SIMMONS. I can sec no reason for saying 
that, unless it is bécause some of the dutics are 
specific. They are not higher than they would 
be if they were (td nalorent duties. By this svs- 
tem we only protect the revenue against frauas. 
r have concluded to put a moderate duty on all 
these articles that go very much together. I have 
hitherto contended that it made no difference to 
the consumers of and sugar, whether you 
put all the duty on the sugar, or put half on the 
sugar and halt' on the coffee; but I never could 
satisfy Senators on the other side that that was 
correct reasoning. Now, in order to make things 
more comfortable to them, I propose to put some 
of the duty on each of these articles, and a rate of 
duty on sugar that cannot be complained of by 
anybody who is willing to raise the revenue by 
customs; and certainly they cannot complain of 
the 15 per cent. on coffee and tea. That is not 
more than a revenue duty on sucrar. It inay inci- 
dentally help the sugar interest to put on a duty 
cent per pound x,vhen svar is very low, and 
help the Treasury now. That is the advantage of 
having a specific duty. One year, when the sivrar 
crop failed in Louisiana, we raised 
from the éugar duties; and next year the revenue 
was down to $6,000,000. It depends alt02ether on 
the price of sugar in Havana, where we princi- 
pally get it. I should like to have the same duties 
all the time; and as we consume about the same 
quantity, we shall get the same revenue from the 
sugar, whether it be high or low in the foreign 
I market. So with the duty on •offee, and so with 
that on tea. think ita very much better method. 
I have heard a great deal said about thesc rates 
of duty being prohibitory. I do not consider that 
there is rate of duty in this bill that will materi- 
ally lessen the amount of importations. 
Lt. may 
check some particular articles a little, but there 
will be always imports that will absorb the 
as I do, as a highly prohibitory tariff, T am not money we can spare to pay for foreign merchan- 
willing to vote for a scheme of finance which ex- dise. If you stop a little on one, you will increase 
clades other products and gets revenue arom tea a little on others. That has been my experience 
and coffee. I shall therefore vote against the I under all the tariffs. 
