1861. 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE, 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator seems to sup- 
pose that I imagine that every specific duty is 
necessarily prohibitory. In that he mistakes me 
from the men most competent to give it—the ap- 
praisers in New York, the experts, who under- 
stand this matter of price much better than-it is 
possible for the Senator from Rhode •Island or 
myself to do—and they have shown that when 
they convert the specifics, into ad vålorems, many 
of these duties are most enormous; and the Sen- 
ator cannot get around it, except by 'denying the 
their peculiar -qualifications to pronounce upon 
questions of price and value. But that is not all. 
The Senator has shown by his own admission 
that this is an enormous rate of duty which he is 
imposing generally. He said the rule of the com- 
mittee was to lay 25 per cent. on the market price. 
What market price—in this country, or-abroad? 
Mr. HUNTER. If he laid 2.5 per cent. on the 
market price in this country, let us see how it 
would operate on an article which is in the 24 per 
cent. schedule of the present tariff. The market 
price is made up first •of the foreign cost, then 
of the duty, say 24. per cent. , then of all the va- 
article in getting here; estimated, as I said before, 
and as I have it from a large importer in New 
York, at about 15 per cent; making, thus far, 39 
It is made up of the merchant's profit, say 12!é per 
cent. more. Now, in order-Oo lay 25 per cent. on 
cent. on the foreign cost, but you lav the 25 per 
cent. on the other 52} per cent. , making thus 13 
per cent. additional, raising the- duty to about 38 
percent. , which is the estimate that the appraisers b 
Can the Senator say that thul duty is not almost 
can he say that such a duty as that will not, ex- 
clude a large proportion of the imports? I take 
that from his own statement, in which he says 
that this rate is 25 per cent. upon the home value. 
Twenty-five per cent. upon the home value, as I 
have just shown you, is one-fourth upon all these 
sums that are added to the foreign cost in order 
to make out the market price here; and on the 24 
per cent. schedule, (under which very large 
quantity, I believe the largest quantity, of our 
imports come in, except under the free list,) by 
his own confession , he is raising the duty to some- 
thing like 33 per cent. And how does he ascertain 
the marketvalue at home? That would be a work of 
infinite trouble and labor. How does he know the 
market price of these various commodities? He 
is liable to error there; and the very principle on 
which he proceeds, shows how enormous must 
be the taxation which is laid in this bill. 
I acknowledge that a specific duty may often 
be lower than an ad oatorem one; but I say that 
specific duties are laid, most generally, in order 
stands an ad •vulore•jn. Present an ad oaloreøn tariff, 
and any of us can see at once whether we are im- 
posing a taxation of 30, 25, 20, or 15 per cent. ; 
but how many of us understand the taxation here; 
ferior kind of that quality; differ 
would not stand it. Therefore, you mustxesört 
ent -thing when you lassess the rate•zof 
to this method, whereby wool, for instance, if it 
duties up_on •coarse, zeommon goods, 
costs under 24 cents, pays a duty of 3 cents; -and 
poor—good of their kind. That is a.$ery-differeiit 
if it costS over that, it pays 9 cents. What a pre- 
thing. That, never. intend to go That; 
mium and what a temptation to fraud is there here ! 
have avoided in this -bill as far as .possible,.: It 
If the wool costs 23 cents, the importer pays only 
may be in some instances- that-duties-areftoo high 
3 cents; but if it is over 25 cents, he pays 9; and 
on this kind of goods; but in an 
thus, within these narrow limits, you afford every 
friend from Virginia, _L differ totally aud 
opportunity to fraud to the importer to represent 
tirely with: his whöle theory. on •this 3 subieet. 
wool as being just a little under the priee,atsvhich 
have heard him repeat this doctrine befÖre;, and 
he is compelled to pay the high duty on it. This 
håd intended to; reply to it; ati lengtb , but piobably 
bill proposes, not only. specifics, and specifics 
I: shall not have an opportunity. , I-do not inténd 
founded upon such ad oalorems as have 
to •seek the opportunxty_ of saying. more Ethan-I 
tioned, but it adds ad ocdorems to them.- It. does 
have, said at- this time; but-certainlys sol far as the 
not abandon the cd •valorem principle. There-are 
comprehension of the eßbct of, the two modes. is 
more ad valorems than specifics in the •bill- as it is 
concerned (in; the •part of the consumer, there: is 
drawn; and it will be found that, in most case_s, 
only one side to the ease. 
these specifics are introduced and put in the bill 
The Senator told us here the last session that 
to hide enormous duties. 
•all that the consumer had to do was to.turn to fhe 
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I have repeat- 
laws of Congress, aud he could gee ,whethew he 
edly heard this same argument of the Senator 
paid one half, one thirds one fourth, or. one fifth. 
from Virginia. Hc seems to prefer the ad tato- 
My answer to Chat is: :what proportion, of the 
rem system because, as I understand him, the 
honorable Senator's constituents, or of' 
consumer, indeed anybody and everybody, can 
have access to the laws of Congress-?- But ,sup.-" 
understand exactly what it means. Now, sir, I 
pose they had the laws of Congress: so faros the 
object to the (Ld tal,orean system for the very reason 
amount of duty which .they pay upon a given 
that you cannot understand what it means. On 
article is concerned, they might. as well have a 
the other hand, thc specific mode is comprehended 
Greek dictionary. i -venture to assert that, under 
by the most ordinary mind. Why, sir; the Sen- 
ator from Virginia has never been able to tell yet 
forit, (and I agree: it is the most convenientsys.tem, 
what the exact amount of duty was that we paid 
the-most convenient mode of making charges •the 
on any given article under the ad odorcm system. 
consumer never can tell what he is paying, The 
Chairman of the Committee on Finance as he has 
Senator from Virginia finds it necessary to have 
been, there never has been a time when he could 
a certain quantity of the vast variety of goods 
tell what the amount of duty was that we paid. 
which he consumes in hispursuitsathome. Nows 
The great error in ali this theory, is taking 
sir, purchasing them under the present tariff, I 
value instead of quantity. The country needs a 
ask -him whelher he can determine,. with any dee 
certain quantity of goods; the Senator from Vir- 
gree ofsatisfaction to himself, what amount necesp 
(Yinia needs a certain quantity for his domestie 
sarily went •into the Treasury? If he can, I con- 
purposes. Under the specific mode, he can tell 
fess that I cannot. Ido not know what the profits 
exactly what he is paying the Government. Unr 
of the wholesale -merchants are. 
der the ad valorem system, he never can tell. Can 
what the profits of the country fiferchant may be; 
the country purchaser learn from the country 
merchant what the amount of ad calorem is upon and to go back further, I do not know whether 
a given quantity of goods? No, sir; never. The I the invoice was an honest one or not; I do •riot 
Senator from Virginia may start now on a shop- know whether the appraisement was made by 
ping expedition down Pennsylvania avenue, and 
buy one article of each of the vast variety that is 
offered for sale; and I venture to say tha_t, when 
he is through, hc cannot tell what that duty is on 
any one of the articles. But, sir, if it is aspecific, 
i? he pays $12 a ton on railroad iron, he under- 
stands that. If sugar be tariffed at I centa pound, 
and he buys ten pounds, he knows precisely 'What 
If he buys two 
he is paying to the Government. 
yards of cloth, and the duty is 75 cents a yard, he 
knows that it amounts to $1 50. 
But he says anybody understands that it is a 
relative rate—a nercentage. A percentage upon 
what? Not a percentage upon the rate that the 
consumer pays to the count.ry merchant; not a 
percentage upon the rate which the country •mer- 
chant pays to the wholesale merchant in the city; 
not a percentage upon the rate which the whole- 
eentage upon the foreign invoice, the dutiable 
value, which the country consumer can never 
know anything about. In all my experience in 
this way, I never could have told what the pre- 
cise duty was upon any given amount of goods 
ator from Rhode Island himself could not explain of uny kind; and yet every man will see, when a 
if you were to call upon him to reduce it into ad charge is specific upon the quantity, exactly what 
If there is to 
calorems. And yet we are called upon to vote in he is paying to the Government. 
this manner blindly, when he himself confesses be a contest between the two systems as to which 
is the most candid, and open, and easily compre- 
that there is a principle of taxation here which 
hended , then the argument is undoubtedly against 
must be enormous, because he admits that he is 
laying 25 per cent. upon the home. value. Twenty- the Senator. 
But, sir, another point. As for the effect of a 
competent men. or not; but if the -charge is made 
upon a specific quantity, then I cannot fail to be 
able to tell satisfactorily to myself exactly how 
much I am taxed for the Government. 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 say to the Senator from 
Pennsylvania that I and my constituents know, 
proportion. I know, whatever may be the profit 
that I have to pay to the retail dealer and to the 
domestic merchant, that I have to pay to the Gov- 
we know; but when the duties are covered up by 
specifics, we cannot how what rate we pay. 
Mr. BIGLER. A third, half, or a fifth, on 
what ? 
Mr. HUNTER. on the foreign price, the for- 
eign cost. 
Mr. BIGLER. How what the 
foreign rice is? 
Mr. ÅUNTER. How do you learn what the 
foreign price is under the specifics on wool, when 
you have to pay 3 cents on wool costing under 
23 cents, and 9 cents over that? You have got 
two prices there, and a very small mistake mav 
lead to larger fraud than can be committed undér 
this tariff. 
Mr. BIGLER. That is begging the question. 
I am examining the question between specifies 
and a-d oalo•rems -purely. 
Mr. HUNTER. But I have just shown that 
these specifics have to be accompanied by mini- 
mums order to prevent sueb unequal taxation 
rate of taxation. Aman who imports one specific charge upon the quantity in interfering that no would bear it. Look 
system of specifics, and you- will find it accom- 
hundred bales of goods would have to leave one- with the importation of an inferior article, for one, 
fourth in custom-house in order to pay the duty. I assume all the responsibility that belongs to that I panied with minimums. Look at the duty on 
operation. I say that it is the true policy. I say, wool; on wool under so many cents a pound, the 
duty is so much; and over that there is an6ther 
But when you come to add to that 25 per cent. , 
not on the foreign cost, but on the duty which as a universal principle,fthe importation and con- 
sumption of an inferior art.icle of a given kind is duty. A variation of 1 or2centsin the pound makes 
tures attending the Importation, which go to make I the worst possible policy. Inferior of any , an immense difference in the dutiesimposed. Is 
kind are always the dearest to the consumer; and not that a much greater temptation to fraud? Is 
it is because the specific mode upon the quantity it not n•mch easier to perpetrate fraud under 
up the price here, you see to what an extent it 
Now, sir, in regard to these specifics. Senators interferes with the importation of the inferior ar- . I such a duty as that than a general ad duty 
raises it. 
ta]k about preventing the frauds of the ad valorem ticle ofa given kind of' goods, that I prefer it. 
svstem. Why, sir, these specifics depend upon II is to some extent a protection awaiust. imposition tcm you have both; you have all -the opportuni- 
ad vatorenn.$. You cannot aliow one specific over upon the consumers. Why, sir, the Government 
did, the disparity would inspects drugs in order the consumers may in addition to these specifics. 
be so enormous between the duty upon the articles II not be imposed upon. This specific mode upon II Mr. SIMMONS. I do not intend to go into 
price and large price that the community the quantity rests heaviest, 1 agree, upon the in- il thisargument about the propriety of already 
